All right Joey, be nice. So does he have a hump? A hump and a hairpiece?
Sounds like a date to me.
Alright, so I'm back in high school, I'm standing in the middle of the cafeteria, and I realize I am totally naked.
Then I look down, and I realize there's a phone... there.
That's right.
All of a sudden, the phone starts to ring. Now I don't know what to do, everybody starts looking at me.
Finally, I figure I'd better answer it, and it turns out it's my mother, which is very-very weird, because- she never calls me!
Cookie?
Sometimes I wish I was a lesbian... (They all stare at him.) Did I say that out loud?
And I just want a million dollars! (He extends his hand hopefully.)
(imitating the characters) Tuna or egg salad? Decide!
(re TV) Ooh, she should not be wearing those pants.
Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs!
Please don't do that again, it's a horrible sound.
Ooh, this is a Dear Diary moment.
I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name. Paul, was it?
(deadpan) Yes, and we're very excited about it.
It's a beautiful thing.
I would have to say that is an 'L'-shaped bracket.
I have no idea.
All finished!
Yes, please don't spoil all this fun.
Oh, God.
Oh my God!
You must stop! (Chandler hits what he is working on with a hammer and it collapses.)
Look, Ross, you gotta understand, between us we haven't had a relationship that has lasted longer than a Mento. You, however have had the love of a woman for four years. Four years of closeness and sharing at the end of which she ripped your heart out, and that is why we don't do it! I don't think that was my point!
Stay out of my freezer! [Scene: A Restaurant, Monica and Paul are still eating.]
Angela's the screamer, Andrea has cats.
That is amazing.
If can invade Poland, there isn't anything I can't do.
Hi, Paul, is it?
All right, kids, I gotta get to work. If I don't input those numbers,... it doesn't make much of a difference...
'Look, Gippetto, I'm a real live boy.'
You're right, I'm sorry. (Burst into song and dances out of the door.) "Once I was a wooden boy, a little wooden boy..."
And yet you're surprisingly upbeat.
Oh, how well you know me...
(as Rachel is cutting up her cards) Y'know, if you listen closely, you can hear a thousand retailers scream.
Did you make it, or are you just serving it?
Kids, new dream... I'm in Las Vegas. (Rachel sits down to hear Chandler's dream.)
Okay, so, I'm in Las Vegas... I'm Liza Minelli-
