Uh, if I were omnipotent for a day, I'd.. make myself omnipotent forever.
You got waaaay too much free time.
Happy birthday, pal!
Well, aren't we Mr. "The glass is half empty."
Eleven days before Halloween.. all the good costumes are gone?
(trying to stop Ross leaving) C'mon, Ross! You, me, Joey, ice, guys' night out, c'mon, whaddya say, big guy, (Pretending to punch him in the stomach.) Huh? Huh? Huh?
(stops) I have no idea.
You got it.
(looking) Oh, this is not that bad.
...Poulet passes it up to Leetch! (Passes it to Joey.)
We'll take a brief time out while Messier stops to look at some women's shoes.
Yes, Bunny?
(to Joey) Could've been a peach.
What? There was ice there that night with Carol? Plastic seats? Four thousand angry Pittsburgh fans?
(to Ross) See buddy, that's all you need, a bunch of toothless guys hitting each other with sticks.
He's open!
Hey, look, we're on that TV thing!
(to the receptionist)'Scuse me.
Listen, it's kind of an emergency. Well, I guess you know that, or we'd be in the predicament room. (The receptionist glares at him.)
Excuse me, look, we've been here for over an hour, and a lot of people less sick than my friend have gone in. I mean, that guy with the toe thing? Who's he sleeping with? (She slides the gladd panel over and Chandler talks through it in a loud voice.) Oh, c'mon Dora, don't be mad... I know we both said some things we didn't mean, but that doesn't mean we still don't love each other. (To the waiting room.) Y'know, I feel like I've lost her.. (She slides the panel back, he turns, and it takes him by surprise.) Ba-!
Yes, the moon, the glow, the magical feeling, you did this part- Could I get some painkillers over here, please?
Well, what? What? What is it? That she left you? That she likes women? That she left you for another woman that likes women?
Then what?
So in your whole life, you've only been with one—(He gets a look too)—oh.
I think it's great. Y'know, it's sweet, it's romantic...
No, you kidding? The guy's a freak.. (Ross enters off camera)
Oh, I thought you were great in Silence of the Lambs. Oh come on, admit it! All things considered, you had fun tonight.
You gotta do it, man.
Thanks. (The guy nods and leaves)
Hello? Oh, uh, Rachel, it's the Visa card people.
Alright. (on phone) Yes, this is Rachel.
To the left, to the left- aww! (They all collapse)
