You can always spot someone who's never seen one of his plays before. Notice, no fear, no sense of impending doom...
(staring at a woman across the room) Ross, ten o'clock.
No, ten o'clock.
(sighs and gestures to explain) There's a beautiful woman at eight, nine, ten o'clock!
She's amazing! She makes the women that I dream about look like short, fat, bald men!
Oh yeah, and what would my opening line be? 'Excuse me. Blarrglarrghh.'
Oh please, could she be more out of my league? Ross, back me up here.
Thank you, buddy.
Y'think?
Oh God, I can't believe I'm even considering this... I'm very very aware of my tongue...
Here goes. (He walks over to her but just stands there.)
Hi.... um... okay, next word... would be... Chandler! Chandler is my name, and, uh...(He clears his throat noisily)...hi.
Yes, yes I did, but what I didn't say was what I was about to say, what I wanted to say was, uh... would you like to go out with me sometime, thankyou, goodnight. (He walks back to the others but she calls him back.)
(running back) She said yes!! She said yes!! (To Joey) Awful play, man. Whoah. (To All) Her name's Aurora, and she's Italian, and she pronounces my name 'Chand-lrr'. 'Chand-lrr'. I think I like it better that way. (To Joey) Oh, listen, the usher gave me this to give to you. (He fishes a card out of his pocket.)
Hey, kids.
Well, I can't believe I've been here almost seven seconds and you haven't asked me how my date went.
It was unbelievable. I-I've never met anyone like her. She's had the most amazing life! She was in the Israeli army...
Alright. Once I got on the subway, right, and it was at night, and I rode it all the way to Brooklyn... just for the hell of it.
We talked 'til like two. It was this perfect evening... more or less.
Oh, I'm sorry, so 'we' is?
Who's Rick?
Oh, so you're divorced?
Oh, I'm sorry, then you're widowed?...Hopefully?
So tell me, how do- how do you think your husband would feel about you sitting here with me?...Sliding your foot so far up my pant leg you can count the change in my pocket?
Ethan? There's, there's an Ethan?
So explain something to me here, uh, what kind of a relationship do you imagine us having if you already have a husband and a boyfriend?
...Hm.
What 'not work out'? I'm seeing her again on Thursday. Didn't you listen to the story?
Well, y'know, I had some trouble with it at first too, but the way I look at it is, I get all the good stuff: all the fun, all the talking, all the sex; and none of the responsibility. I mean, this is every guy's fantasy!
Are we greeting each other this way now? 'Cause I like that.
Thank God you didn't try to fan out the magazines. I mean, she'll scratch your eyes right out.
Someone's left a glass on the coffee table. There's no coaster. It's a cold drink, it's a hot day. Little beads of condensation are inching their way closer and closer to the surface of the wood...
Oh no, it's terrific, it's... it's... y'know, you deserve this, after all your years of struggling, you've finally been able to crack your way into showbusiness.
Where's Joey? His mom's on the phone.
C'mon, we're roommates! (He goes into the bathroom, screams, and runs back out.) My eyes!! My eyes!!
Oh, that would be Monica. Hey, listen, I wanna borrow a coupla things, Aurora spent the night, I really wanna make her breakfast.
Yeah, well, I only have twenty minutes until Ethan, so, y'know.. (He starts to raid the fridge.)
No, no resentment, believe me, it's worth it. 'Kay? Y'know in a relationship you have these key moments that you know you'll remember for the rest of your life? Well, every- single- second is like that with Aurora.. and I've just wasted about thirty-five of them talking to you people, so, uh.. Monica, can you help me with the door? (He has armloads of stuff.)
God, I love these fingers...
No, actually I meant my fingers. Look at 'em, look at how happy they are.
Oh no nonononononnononono, don't go.. (He kisses her and pulls her back down.)
Don't go.
(to himself) Too bad, she's leaving.
Well, I thought- I thought you talked to Rick.
What, Ethan? He got to spend the whole day with you!
I know there'll be many moments in the years to come when I'll regret asking the following question, but- And Andrew is?
Oh, so what you're saying is you're not completely fulfilled by Rick, Ethan and myself?
Well, y'know, most women would kill for three guys like us.
You.
Nono, just you.
Lose the other guys.
C'mon, we're great together, why not?
...Well, y'know, part of me wants that, but it's like I'm two guys, y'know? I mean, one guy's going 'Shut up! This is great!' But there's this other guy. Actually it's the same guy that wells up every time that Grinch's heart grows three sizes and breaks that measuring device... And he's saying, y'know, 'This is too hard! Get out! Get out!'
I don't know, I-I have to listen to both of them, they don't exactly let each other finish...
...The second guy.
Sorry, the first guy runs the lips.
(to Ross) "Big guy?"
Something so sweet and...disturbing about that.
