Hey.
And this from the cry-for-help department. Are you wearing makeup?
That's so funny, 'cause I was thinking you look more like Joey Tribbiani, man slash woman.
Do you know which one you're gonna be?
Good luck, man. I hope you get it.
Yes, every single one of them.
I thought it was $98.50.
I'd just like to say that I'm totally behind this experiment. In fact, I'd very much like to butter your head.
All right, I'm nine years old.
We just finished this magnificent Thanksgiving dinner. I have--and I remember this part vividly--a mouthful of pumpkin pie, and this is the moment my parents choose to tell me they're getting divorced.
Yes. It's very difficult to appreciate a Thanksgiving dinner once you've seen it in reverse.
Tonight, on a very special Blossom.
Oh, you must stop shooping.
No, I prefer to keep a safe distance from all this merriment.
Ok, we all laughed when you did it with the stuffing, but that's not funny anymore.
The most unbelievable thing has happened. Underdog has just gotten away.
No, no, the actual cartoon character. Of course the balloon. It's all over the news. Right before he reached Macy's, he broke free and was spotted flying over Washington Square Park. I'm goin' to the roof, who's with me?
Come on. An 80-foot inflatable dog let loose over the city. How often does that happen?
Do either of you have the keys?
(sarcastic) For an emergency just like this.
Ok, Monica, only dogs can hear you now, so, look, the door's open. Here we go.
Now this feels like Thanksgiving.
Shall I carve?
Ok, who wants light cheese, and who wants dark cheese?
I'd like to propose a toast. Little toast here, ding ding. I know this isn't the kind of Thanksgiving that all of you all planned, but for me, this has been really great, you know, I think because it didn't involve divorce or projectile vomiting. Anyway, I was just thinking, I mean, if you'd gone to Vail, and if you guys'd been with your family, if you didn't have syphilis and stuff, we wouldn't be all together, you know? So I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm very thankful that all of your Thanksgivings sucked.
Here, here!
