Hey, that monkey's got a Ross on its ass!
Might wanna open with the snowman.
Nothing for you, you have Paolo. You don't have to face the horrible pressures of this holiday: desperate scramble to find anything with lips just so you can have someone to kiss when the ball drops!! Man, I'm talking loud!
It's just that I'm sick of being a victim of this Dick Clark holiday. I say this year, no dates, we make a pact. Just the six of us- dinner.
Y'know, I was hoping for a little more enthusiasm.
(Quietly, to the others) That guy's going home with a note!
Wait a minute, wait a minute, I see where this is going, you're gonna ask him to New Year's, aren't you. You're gonna break the pact. She's gonna break the pact.
Yeah, 'cause I already asked Janice.
I snapped, okay? I couldn't handle the pressure and I snapped.
I'm not saying it was a good idea, I'm saying I snapped!
Too many jokes... must mock Joey!
Aah, y'killing me!
Y'know, if you're gonna work late, I could look in on him for you.
Okay, but if he asks, I'm not going to lie.
Fun Bobby? Your ex-boyfriend Fun Bobby?
I happen to know a Fun Bob.
That's so weird, I had such a blast with him the other night.
Yeah, we played, we watched TV.. that juggling thing is amazing.
With the balled-up socks? I figured you taught him that.
Y'know, it wasn't that big a deal. He just balled up socks... and a melon...
You remember Janice.
(Imitating) But you found me!
Kill me. Kill me now.
Alright, Janice, that's it! Janice... Janice... Hey, Janice, when I invited you to this party I didn't necessarily think that it meant that we-
I'm sorry you misunderstood...
Oh, will you give me the thing. (Snatches the camera)
(To a woman who he has clearly just met) And then the peacock bit me. (Laughs) Please kiss me at midnight. (She leaves)
Ooh. Uh, I don't know how to tell you this, but she's in Monica's bedroom, getting it on with Max, that scientist geek. Ooh, look at that, I did know how to tell you.
And the moment of joy is upon us.
Y'know, I uh.. just thought I'd throw this out here. I'm no math whiz, but I do believe there are three girls and three guys right here. (Makes kiss noise)
Alright, somebody kiss me. Somebody kiss me, it's midnight! Somebody kiss me!
