Mrs. Tedlock. You're looking lovely today. And may I say, that is a very flattering sleeve length on you.
Oh, listen. If this is about those prank memos, I had nothing to do with them. Really. Nothing at all. Really. (Chandler tries to hide a rubber chicken from the woman.) Nothing.
Hey!
So, it's a typical day at work. I'm inputting my numbers, and big Al calls me into his office and tells me he wants to make me processing supervisor.
So.... I quit.
Why? This was supposed to be a temp job!
If I took this promotion, it'd be like admitting that this is what I actually do.
It doesn't matter. I just don't want to be one of those guys that's in his office until twelve o'clock at night worrying about the WENUS.
Weekly Estimated Net Usage Systems. A processing term.
I don't know. That's the thing. I don't know what I want to do. I just know I'm not going to figure it out working there.
Yeah... I just don't have that much cheffing experience. Unless it's an all-toast restaurant.
Thanks, Phoebe. But I just don't really see myself in a big white hat.
Can you see my nipples through this shirt?
Well, I have an appointment to see Dr. Robert Pillman, career counselor a-gogo. (pause) I added the "a-gogo."
Hey, you guys all know what you want to do.
Hey, you guys in the living room all know what you want to do. You know, you have goals. You have dreams. I don't have a dream.
Was it formerly owned by a blonde woman and some bears?
Who are you going out with?
And he's not speaking metaphorically.
Eight and a half hours of aptitude tests, intelligence tests, personality tests... and what do I learn? (he taps the results and reads them) "You are ideally suited for a career in data processing for a large multinational corporation."
Can you believe it? I mean, don't I seem like somebody who should be doing something really cool? You know, I just always pictured myself doing something...something.
Ooh, you know, I had a grape about five hours ago, so I'd better split this with you.
(tastes it) Well.... it is amouz-ing...
You know, I don't mean to brag, but I waited tables at Innsbruck in '76. (dead silence) Amouz-bouche? (holds out tray)
(smiling)....with??
It's OK. It's OK. I was always rooting for you two kids to get together.
Again?
(on phone) Hey Mr. Kostelic! How's life on the fifteenth floor? (Listens) Yeah, I miss you too. (Listens) Yeah, it's a lot less satisfying to steal pens from your own home, you know? (Listens) Well, that's very generous (Listens) er, but look, this isn't about the money. I need something that's more than a job. I need something I can really care about.... (Listens) And that's on top of the yearly bonus structure you mentioned earlier? (Listens) Look, Al, Al... I'm not playing hardball here, OK? This is not a negotiation, this is a rejection! (Listens) No! No! No, stop saying numbers! I'm telling you, you've got the wrong guy! You've got the wrong guy! (Listens) I'll see you on Monday! (slams the phone down)
Well?
Look at this! (he opens the curtain to a view of New York City)
Yes indeedy! (they look outside) With a beautiful view of...
(walks away from window) OK, that's enough of the view. Check this out, look at this. Sit down, sit down.
This is great! (he presses a button on his intercom) Helen, could you come in here for a moment?
Thank you Helen, that'll be all.
Last time I do that, I promise.
(on phone) Yes, Fran. I know what time it is, but I'm looking at the WENUS and I'm not happy!... (Listens) Oh, really, really, really? Well, let me tell you something... you will care about it, because I care about it! You got it? Good! (slams phone down, then leans back and realizes what just happened) Whooooaaaa....
