This is unbelievable. It’s been like a half an hour. If this was a cartoon, you’d be looking like a ham right about now.
It’s Phoebe! Hi!
Wait, wait! Wh-what are you doing here?
Can we start over?
No, no, no!
All right, now look at her and tell me she doesn’t look exactly like her sister.
They’re twins!
You know that thing, when you and I talk to each other about things?
Let’s not do that any more.
Your sister Ursula.
Yeah, yeah, she works over at that place, uh...
Oh, you do? Because she said you guys haven’t talked in like years.
Oh, and I’ve got Earth Science, but I'll catch you in Gym.
And (he imitates the buzzer) to you too, Helen.
Oh, okay. Send her in.
Hi, Nina. Come on in.
Uh, Yes. Yes. I’ve just been going over your data here, and little thing, you’ve been post-dating your Friday numbers.
Well, it throws my WENUS out of whack.
WENUS. (Coughs) Weekly Estimated Net...
It’s not just that she’s cute, okay. It’s just that... she’s really really cute.
(Looking out at the balcony) So tell me something, is leaving the Christmas lights up part of your plan to keep us merry all year long?
Hey, where you been?
Score.
Yeah, listen. Okay, before you do anything Joey-like, you might wanna run it by err... (he indicates Phoebe, who is helping Ross understand the remote control.)
Mr. D, how’s it going, sir?
And?
So what does this mean?
Hey, listen, I know I came in late last week, but I slept funny, and my hair was very very &ndash;
Nina? Nina. (He goes around his desk to where she is sitting.) Nina. (In pain) Nina.
(Looking down at her hand) Yes, yes I am. Err, listen, the reason that I called you in here today was, err... please don’t hate me.
(Suddenly bright) Would you like to have dinner sometime?
Well, you still haven’t taken down the Christmas lights.
I’m just trying to find the right moment, you know?
Hey.
You know, once you’re inside, you don’t have to knock any more.
Wow, this is serious. I’ve never known you to pay money for any kind of capade.
Knit, good woman, knit, knit!
And that’s the Chrysler Building right there.
Yes, yes she is. Didn’t I memo you on this? See, after I let her go, err, I got a call from her psychiatrist, Dr. Flanen-nen, Dr. Flanen, Dr. Flan.
And err, he informed me that uh, she took the news rather badly, in fact, he uh, mentioned the word frenzy.
Oh, no, no. Nina... (miming fairies twinkling around his head) ..she is whooo wewee-woo whoo whoo! In fact, if you asked her right now, she would have no recollection of being fired at all, none at all.
And yet, believable. So I decided not to fire her again until I can be assured that she will be no threat to herself, or others.
Well, I guess that’s why they call it psychology, sir.
You know, Ross, some scientists are now saying that, that monkeys and babies are actually different.
Ah, sure, Nina. What’s up?
Oh, well, ah... maybe that’s because they’re ah... jealous, of us.
Ah, well, maybe that’s, ah, because you’re getting a big raise.
Sure, why not?
Oh, you don’t know. (Presses a button.) Helen, could you make sure we put through the paperwork on Miss Bookbinder’s raise?
Helen drinks. (Insincerely) Will you marry me?
Well, I ended up telling her everything.
Pretty well. Except for the stapler thing. (He holds up a bandaged hand.) Little tip: if you’re ever in a similar situation, never ever leave your hand... (he mimes Nina taking her revenge) ..on the desk.
You’re not gonna lose him.
