(To Chandler) Dude! What are yo—you trying to kill me?!
Hey, what is with the secrecy Phoebe? Huh? And what about this Denise, is she cute?
Hey Rach, listen I was thinkin’ uh, I’m gonna have an extra room over at my place…
Yeah, why don’t you move in with me? It’ll be great! We could stay up late, watch movies, and you know about Naked Thursday’s right?
Hey! (To Chandler) Dude, some guy just called for you.
I don’t know! How about, "Thanks for taking the message." Jeez! (Exits.)
Hey, what’s up?
But you’re still moving in together, right? Because my ad came out today. (Shows him the paper.)
Yeah? I just figured y’know, after living with you it’d be an interesting change of pace to have a female roommate, y’know? Someone I can learn from, someone-someone who’s different than me. And what’s more different than me; a guy who’s not 19 than say a girl who is 19? Enh? (Points to his head.) Not just a hat rack my friend!
(exiting from Chandler’s room with the new roommate) Everything on your application looks really good—Ohh! Just one last question umm, are you and your friends gonna be over here all the time like partying and hanging out?
Whoa!! Now look, don’t be just blurtin’ stuff out. I want you to really think about your answers. Okay?
Oh don’t listen to him, he’s just some guy who really wants the apartment, but I don’t think he’s gonna get it.
That thing was a hazard! (To the potential roommate) I’m very safety conscious.
Umm, listen, Ross do you really think this moving in with Rachel is a good idea?
Yeah well, maybe you should go back! Okay? Rachel moves in, and before you know it you’re right where you don’t want to be! Back together!
That’s not gonna work out! Then she’s gonna come home all weepy and you’ll be tellin’ her, "Oh that’s okay. You’ll find someone." And then, bamn! She finds you!
I am telling you Ross, she is definitely gonna fall in love with you again! Now, is that what you want?
Here she comes. Hold on, I’m gonna make your life much easier.
Or not. Uh, Rach, why don’t you just move in with me? (Rachel sighs.)
No-no-no-no-no-no-no-no… It’s okay, I mean I—look Rach, I know I scared you off with that whole Naked Thursday’s thing, but we don’t have to do that!
Thursday’s clearly not good for ya, pick a day!
(opening the door to The Potential Roommate) Hi!
Come in. Thanks for comin’ back, umm, okay there have been a lot of people interested in the room, but I have narrowed it down and you are one of the finalists!
Okay now, before I make my final decision I uh, I just want to make sure our personalities match. Okay, so I made up a little test. Now, I’m gonna say a word and then you say the first thing that comes to mind.
Okay! Here we go. Pillow.
Very good! Okay. G.
Excellent! Okay umm, doggy.
Ooh, sorry! No-no-no, so close though, but—bye-bye! (He ushers her out the door.)
