I can’t believe she would say that too you.
(interrupting him) Uh Ross! Are there uh, are there naked chicks on that piece of paper?
Well, I’ve just never seen a guy stare so hard at a piece of paper that didn’t have naked chicks on it.
Oh-ooh-ooh! Y’know what’s a good visual aide?
Why not?!
Hey! Any good mail?
Ooh, it’s probably a residual check, hey can you open it for me, I’m kinda….
Hmm that’s weird. I don’t remember being in a move called benefits lapsed.
Let me see that!
(reads it) Oh, I can’t believe this! This sucks! When I had insurance I could get hit by a bus or catch on fire, y’know? And it wouldn’t matter. Now I gotta be careful?!
All right well, I guess I gotta go get a job. I’m gonna go see my agent.
(mocks him, in a whiney voice) …look both ways before you cross the street. (Turns and walks headlong into the closed door.)
(entering) Hey Estelle, listen…
What are you talkin’ about? I never left you! You’ve always been my agent!
Yeah!
Estelle, you gotta get me some work. I-I lost my health insurance.
Why?
Bastard!
(in obvious pain) Hey! So Estelle lined up a bunch of auditions for me tomorrow and I’ll have my health insurance back in no time.
What?!
Nothing! Well, I-I got this blinding pain in my stomach when I was lifting weights before, then I uh passed out and uh, haven’t been able to stand up since. But um, I don’t think it’s anything serious.
No way! ‘Kay look, if I have to go to the doctor for anything it’s gonna be for this thing sticking out of my stomach! (Rolls over and shows Chandler.)
Why did I have to start working out again? (Looks at the weights he was using.) Damn you 15s!
Dude! Hernia operations cost like, a lot probably. Besides it’s getting darker and more painful, that means it’s healing.
Thank you, but it would take me forever to pay you that money back and I don’t want that hanging over my head. Okay? Besides, as soon as my insurance kicks in I can get all the free operations I want! Yeah, I’m thinking I’ll probably start with that laser eye surgery too.
Hey!
Look, I’m telling you if I put my hand on my stomach right here (He puts his hand down his pants, like Al Bundy on Married…With Children always used to do.) it doesn’t hurt that bad.
Sure, now I’m scared.
Yeah, but I don’t wanna die!
(in a gravely, painful voice) Okay. "Hey, Timmy, I’ve got a surprise for you."
Oh yeah, sure, no problem, I’ll just—hold on one second. (He turns around and puts his hand in his pants and groans in relief.) (In a relaxed voice.) "Hey Timmy, I’ve got a surprise for you!"
So that’s why I feed my dog Purina One! Pick up a bag today! (He turns, looks at the bag and realizes he won’t be able to pick it up.)
Exactly.
Or, I could just point to it! Huh? Blah, blah, blah, Purina One, point to a bag today. (She just looks at him.) I didn’t get it, did I?
Yeah, okay. (Leaves)
Hi. I’m Joey Tribbiani; I’m here to audition for (Groans) man.
Yes!
(barely audible through the pain) Thank you.
Yeah! And hey, thanks for coming with me. And thanks again for helping me take a shower.
(to the director) Hiya!
Hi Alex! (to the director) And uh, as you can see my hands are not in my pants. (Holds them both up.)
"Take could care of your Momma son." (Alex just looks at him and the director motions for him to continue so he tries it again.) "Take could care of your Momma son." (Alex does nothing.) "Come on son! Your Momma’s good people!"
Ah, just one thing umm, is it all right with you if I, if I scream right up until you say action?
Okay. (Starts screaming.)
(he stops screaming at action) "Take good care of your Momma son." (Again Alex does nothing.)
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! You just take a big, big swing. Now, don’t hold back. (He dons his protective helmet (Why, I have no clue.) and Phoebe picks up a wooden baseball bat and starts to swing as Chandler and Monica enter.)
Hey-hey-hey!
