Hey everybody! Uh, I'd like you to meet Janine. She's-she's gonna be my new roommate!
Yeah, she's gonna live with me!
I didn't know that! Well, what a pretty last name!
(shocked) From the land down under? I didn't know that either!
You're a dancer? She-she's a dancer!
Oh, hey let me. (Opens the door for Janine and after he closes the door behind her gasps ecstatically.)
Of course I did.
"When can you move in?"
Ugh, I cannot wait to ask her out!
Oh God, yeah.
(happily) Okay!
Oh, Oh, you're right! I don't want that. I can't date her!
Well, that's gonna be tough Mon. I mean it's hard for me to be around an attractive woman and not flirt.
You a little sad about that sweetheart?
(jumps out of the box) I Gotcha!!
Boy, it was so hard not to laugh, I tell ya. Hey, hey, the place looks great!
(raises his hand) I don't! No, I wanna live with the super-hot Australian dancer.
Yeah. Well, so far yeah. But it's tough you know? I got all this built up flirting energy and I don't know how to get rid of it. (Gives Chandler the "Joey-love," look.) How you doin?
(voice cracking) Ohhhh man
No-no-no-no-no, it's-it's uh, you just uh, uh reminded me that uh, I need to do my stretches too. (Starts to stretch, groans painfully)
(jumps up and yells)
Uh-uh nothing. I-I-I-I didn't want you to touch me cause I'm -I'm all sweaty from the workout. I better hit the shower. (Goes into the bathroom and comes back out quickly) Oh my God!
(entering) Look, what am I gonna do? I'm not flirting but still, I'm drawing her to me like - like a moth to a flame! (Tries to put his feet on the coffee table...they won't reach and looks around.) What the hell's going on over here?!?!? (Points to Chandler) Monica's gonna kill you! Look I need your help, I have to do something to-to repel this woman! Wait a minute, wait a minute, you guys repel women all the time.
No-no-no I've seen it happen, you-you get a rapport going with a woman but somehow you manage to kill it. What's your secret?
This is great, this is great, what else, what else?
Uh, don't you mean "for whom?"
Pizza, heh, its not like I never had that before...ba dum bum cheshhh.
All right, All right, let's just get this out in the open okay? You're hot. I'm lovable. Clearly there's a vibe going on between us. But, we're roommates and it's a huge mistake for us to continue down this road.
No, no, no, I'm telling ya. Imagine yourself living in a supermarket and you will understand okay? So the question is, what do we do?
Oh!
Oh! I see what happened. It's because I was trying to repel you. Right? Believe me, you'd feel a lot different if I turned it on.
Oh, I do. (Gives her the Joey-love look.) How you doin?
What?!?!
Oh dear God!
