Hey.
Sure, neighbor come on in.
Uh, no, she’s at dance class.
Yeah, but, hey look, don’t go through her stuff. She gets really mad.(Chandler gives him a look and walks to the door of his old room.)
(Looking around the room.) It is???
No.
No.
(With Big Eyes.) All right, you’re right. I’ll talk to her.
I’m a man.
(Grunting) Hmm. (Monica opens the front door and comes in.)
Or maybe, it’s because you’re hanging around here at 11:30 on a Wednesday. (Everybody gets up.)
Hey. Uh, can I talk to you for a second? This, uh, kid in this picture. Do you, uh, know this kid? Is that like a relative or something?
Yeah, that’s what I was afraid of.. Okay, uhh…Look Janine I really want you to feel at home here, but some of this new stuff. It’s…too girly.
Like this. (pointing to the picture) Pictures of cute babies we don’t know. We..we can’t have that.
Look I don’t know this baby. I don’t know if she’s a famous artist or not. You know, and I don’t want to be a jerk but you’re changing too much around here.
Yeah but it’s too much stuff. You know like, you got the candles and the foofy schmoofer thing here and over here you got a picture of a watering can.
I’m sure it’s a famous watering can, okay. But, come on…and what is with the really hot stick in the bathroom?
Ohh, well, that’s ok then. But, okay my towels for instance. I come in to the bathroom here and my towel is not on the floor where keep it. It’s up here on some hook..and…smells different.
Yeah, well, it feels different.
Alright, I can make my peace with the clean dry towels…Also what is with these chips you bought?
(Voice cracking) Well that’s like summer in a bowl.
Hey Chandler. Come on in. We’re knitting pot holders.
So what’s really neat. If you sear the stems of the flowers first in a frying pan, your arrangement will look fresh much longer.
Ohh, I love birds. (Monica leaves. Chandler shuts the door.)
What?
Hey. Hey look I am still Joey, okay. Flowers they’re just, you know, they’re nice to look at. And that happens to be a picture by a famous artist. Of a famous baby.
No I’m not. Why would you say that? That’s just mean.
It’s not what you said. It’s the way you said it….Oh My God, I’m a women!!!
Hey, uhh, I need to talk to you.
I’m sorry but we’ve got to get rid of all this girlie stuff in here. I, uh, I got to be a man! Okay. The living room has to remain a guy place, okay? That’s just the way it has to be.
Great…Great…and thanks for being so understanding. I mean, I didn’t want to make a big deal out of this, you know. (She starts to collect all the girlie stuff up.) You could, uh, put the picture of the famous baby in my room. I mean, if you want to.
And, uhh, maybe the watering can there.
And a couple of these little tiny boxes.
(Smiling) Okay.
