Maybe I could give thanks for you shuttin’ up, eh?
Well maybe I love ya’.
Yeah! Yeah, why? What’s up?
Ye-ye, we go to yours!
How you got three women to marry you, I’ll never know.
Hey!
Oh, ooh the food smells great, Mon!
Yeah, hey hey, Happy Thanksgiving everybody!
Well, this has been great!
Uh, some of her friends, yeah.
(frustrated) Yes, all right? All of her hot dancer friends are gonna be there and they’re gonna be, be drinkin’ and dancin, and we really wanna go!
Yeah, yeah, and the Indians taught the Pilgrims what it meant to be hot in the new world!
Rach, you’re killin’ us here, will ya serve the dessert already? Those drunken dancers are waiting!
Y-sure!
(faking dissapointment) Okay.
I know, and only one layer of jam?! What is up with that?
(turning to Chandler in a scolding tone) Chandler!
(sad) Oh man! Now she’s gonna start all over! We’re never gonna get to introduce the hot girls to the new world!
Just let her serve the beef-custard thing?
(shrugging his shoulders to go along with it) Vomiting stories are funny...
Did-did it make you wanna walk around in your underwear?
(frustrated) Still not hot enough!
(to Rachel) Will you hurry up? Did you not hear me before when I told you that all of Janine’s friends are dancers?! And that they’re going to be drinking alot!?
Well you’re whippin’ so slow! Can’t you do it any faster?
Oh I am!
Ross! Can I talk to you for a second?
Okay, look, I think we have to tell Rachel she messed up her dessert.
Look, when everyone eats that...that...Banana-Meat thing, they’re all gonna’ make fun of her, do you want that?
(scolding) Dude, they’re not objects.
Just kiddin,’ I’ll talk to them, you distract Rach.
Oh and (Ross begins to open the door and Joey says some gibberish word to indicate to Ross that he’s not done yet. Ross closes the door again.) Okay, and uh if anyone needs help pretending to like it, I learned something in acting class, try uh, rubbing your stomach (Rubs his stomach) or uh, or saying “mmm” and uh, oh oh! And smiling (Smiles while pretending to stir a bowl), okay?
Rachel, there you are! Come on, let’s serve that dessert already!
(happily) Really?
I like it.
What’s not to like? Custard? Good. Jam? Good. Meat? Gooooood.
(pounding the table) I wanna gooooooo!
No it isn’t, I ate that.
Nope, got it and I got yours (Pointing to Jack) too.
