Hey you guys.
I had to get out of the apartment. Janine is like stretching all over the place. Y’know, everywhere I look she’s like… (He imitates her stretching)
I like her so much!
I know. And she’s so sweet. I just wanna feed her grapes and brush her hair.
Totally! I would love to spend New Year’s with you.
Did she just ask me out on a date?
Oh. Maybe. But hey I know how I can find out. We’re going to a New Year’s Eve party, right? So at midnight, I can kiss her. And if she kisses me back, great! Y’know? But if she says ‘Dude, what the hell are you doing?’ I can say ‘It wasn’t me, it was New Years!’
OK, listen I’ve been on sets before, so let me give you a little advice, alright? It’s a show, but we’re just dancing, OK? It’s no big deal. The important thing to remember – stay cool.
Ross! So when is it gonna air?
Really?
What do you mean?
Uh-huh.
No-no-no-no-no we came together!
No-no hey buddy, please let me dance with that girl, I really like her and I think I have a shot.
Hey-hey dancer girl! Can I go to the bathroom? I just.. (The girl starts dancing really close to him, so he picks her up, twirls her round, and puts her against a platform) Here we go. (He walks away to find Monica and Ross doing a really out of place dance) Looking good Gellers!
Hey! Tall guy! Hey, listen, I wanted to talk to you about that girl that you’re dancing with.
Yeah, yeah, okay. Uh, look buddy, I came with that girl, and I had this plan to kiss her at the new years countdown – I’m trying to win her over, so I was wondering if..
Oh come on man, you can dance with my partner, she’s real, uh, mellow!
Well, I was hoping after tonight that maybe I could you know…
Alright, alright, hey y’know fair is fair, (he pretends to wash his hands) if you’re right, you’re right, what can I say, but hey oh no! (He throws water on the guy’s pants)
Hey, now you’re the one who wet his pants. (He throws another handful on him and runs out)
Uh, take a look at the guy’s pants! I mean, I know you told us to show excitement, but don’t you think he went a little overboard?
Yeah, take a hike wetpants!
Okay, it all comes down to this. Whatever happens, happens. Destiny.
No! Year! Happy No Year!
Home sweet home, huh? Nice to, uh, get back to reality. Plus we know how the New Year’s gonna go off. I guess there’s no reason for all that Y2K panic, y’know? Anyway, g’night!
Yeah?
Oh, yoii. What was that for?
Really? In the moment, I really wanted to kiss you too. In the moment.
But only in the moment. So do ya wanna kiss again?
No.
3, 2,
Uh, yeah, okay. Except I sorta felt like I needed a couple of seconds to get ready.
