Hey!
18, uh? (starts to prepare himself to say his "How You Doin'" line) Ross: Joey, NO!
What, what!? it's for her hot friends!
And starting to think about settling down!
I'd love to! Yeah! Joey: (To Phoebe) We were supposed to bring presents?
Oh, yeah! How was I supposed to know?
Yeah, but for a one-year-old. What's the point... the other day she laughed for like an hour at a cup. Just a cup with a picture of Elmo on it dressed as a farmer. And he's standing next to this cow and the cow says "El-moo"! (Joey starts laughing) Yeah... that's a funny cup!
Hey Mr. and Mrs. Geller! Let me help you with that.
Oh man, this is great, uh? The three of us together again! You know what would be fun? If we gave this present to Emma from all of us!
Hey Pheebs, you know what? I was thinking... since you wrote a song, maybe I could do something for Emma using my talents! Phoebe: So you’re gonna... hit on her?
No, no, no! My talents as an actor!
You know, I could like maybe... I could do a dramatic reading of one of her books!
Hey, I think Emma might like it!
Um, my present!
Actually we prepared performances.
But equally real!
(unconfidently) O K.
Hey, I do it every week with three cameras pointed at me and a whole crew waiting!
I will be doing a dramatic reading of one of Emma’s books.
Uh, why, it’s a... (he picks a book up) one of her favorites, uh, (he reads the title of the book) “Riding the Storm Out. Coping with post-partum depression” eesh! (he puts the book back and picks up another) “Love you forever”. Love you forever. By Robert Munsch. Published by Firefly books. Printed (he pauses and changes the tone to a dramatic one) in Mexico. A mother held her new baby and very slowly rocked him back and forth, back and forth, back and forth, and while she held him she sang “I’ll love you forever, I’ll like you for always, as long as I'm living, my baby you’ll be”. (the picture fades and Joey is now finishing the book). And while he rocked her, he sang “I’ll love you forever, I’ll like you for always, as long as I'm living, my baby you’ll be”.
Uh.. is it ok that I still think it looks delicious?
I'm so confused!
Got it! (Goes towards the front door and stands with his back to it) Hey hey hey! (to Chandler) Where do you think you're going?
Alright, well the rest of you get comfortable, ok, because we're gonna be here for a li...(stops and thinks) Wait a minute, there is a window in there!
Well, that one did not have Emma's face on it.
No.
Ok! (Opens the door for them)
Nighty-night!
Bye, bye.
Hey, hey, hey, hey! I'm not gonna mess with Jack, he's a great man, he fought for our country.
(Shocked) Oh! Well that's it! He's the last one to go. I'm locking you guys in. (turns the bolts of the door, thereby locking it)
Oh! I forgot you used to live here!
Hello?
Hey! (smiles)
(smile fades) What audition?
What? You never said anything about an audition!
A monologue? I don't have.. (sees the book he was reading before for his "dramatic reading") I got it. (hangs up) (announces to the room) Aah! so... I'm gonna take off!
Oh! I got it! Ok, everyone pick a number from one to ten. Alright? Whoever gets the highest number gets to go first.
Okay, Monica picks ten, I call nine! Anyone else?
Or.. we could flip a coin, and then multiply the..
Right.
Ok, ladies and gentlemen, wind your toys! (they do so)
Come on robot!
Way to go robot!
Hey, good race you guys.
Okay, if Ross and Rachel ask, I've been here the whole time. THE WHOLE TIME!
(to Ross and Rachel) I've been here the whole time!
What is wrong with me. It looked more delicious when it was a penis.
