Her first cookie? She has cookies all the time!
No! No... and, for the record, I've also never given her a frosting from a can!
U-U-Um, I think there's been an oversight.
Whoo-weh hey weh-hey whoo hey!!
I gotta a lot of nice stuff to say about you guys, ok? And I know how much you wanna have a baby, you know, and I would love to help you get one.
Thank you! Alright, let me see how I'm gonna start... "Dear baby adoption decider people..."
Hey!
Uhm... Aren't you a little overdressed?
That's right, yeah.
Always nice to meet a fan!
I know, she may be the hottest girl I've ever hated.
(using a laptop) Oh, Monica and Chandler's recommendation. I want it to sound smart but.. I don't know any big words or anything, so...
What did I just say?
Oh my God, that's great! I'm smart!! No, no, I'm... (he uses the Thesaurus) "brainy, bright, clever", I love this thing! Look out ladies, Joey Tribbiani's got the whole package!!
Hey, finished my recommendation. (he hands it over to Chandler) Here. And I think you’ll be very, very happy. It’s the longest I ever spent on a computer without looking at porn.
(sounding very proud of himself) Some of the words are a little too sophisticated for ya?
Of course it does! It’s smart! I used the the-saurus!
Yep!
Oh, ‘They are warm, nice, people with big hearts’.
Yeah, yeah and hey, I really mean it, dude.
Why not?
Ah, look who’s back! (he sees the bags) Why do you have bags? RACH, WHY DOES SHE HAVE BAGS?
What?
You slept out here?
But uhm, we're getting rid of her, right? Rach, please tell me we’re getting rid of her.
Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said (aping Amy badly) "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, forever on the hips!" I don’t need that kind of talk in my house!
'Cause we will appreciate it more when she’s gone?
Yeah, Monica made us!
Yeaah.
(yelling at her) I’M CURVY, AND I LIKE IT!
Great, I'm finished! In fact, I just dropped it off at the agency.
Yeah.
No can do amigo. No, I didn't use the computer. Felt more personal to hand-write it. (Chandler and Monica look even more shocked)
Yeah, and don't worry. I didn't try to sound smart at all! See ya later! (Leaves)
(picks up the phone) Hello? Yeah, this is Joey Tribbiani... Oh, hi! Well, I'm glad you liked my letter... No my mommy and daddy aren't home right now... (looks puzzled) Okay, bye bye. (hangs up) (to himself) She was nice!
Whoo-hoo! (and leaves for Rachel's room)
(Yelling from Rachel's room) She has a lot of crap!
