Don't you put words in people's mouths, you put turkey in people's mouths!
Three tickets to today's Rangers game!!
Oh.
Yeah, they're great seats too!
Center ice.
So we'll leave before it's over, we'll be back in time.
Dude, two times that happened!
Right, I guess. Alright, so see you at four.
That's some gentle comedy, dude. (he and Ross leave)
Yeah!
Oh, Bob, get off the guy!
I know, yeah.
Yeah. I am sorry he's not here too, but I got to say, (takes some nachos from a plate on the seat where Chandler should have been) I am really enjoying Nacho Chair.
Ohhhh! These seats are great!
(looks at the time) Wow, hey, we'd better get going. If we don't leave right now, we'll be late for dinner.
I don't know...
Okay.
How late are we?
Wow (He opens his apartment door and throws their stuff in.)
Okay. Rachel and Phoebe are already there, okay? So they probably started without us. We could just slip in and no-one needs to know where we were! (he raises his hands and on his right one there's a Rangers foam finger)
Oh, no, no, no, no, no. You just want to put it on your hand!
You are not at Thanksgiving?
We figured we could be late because you guys were gonna be on time (he points the foam finger at the girls)
Yeah, where were you!
Wait a second, wait a second, where have I seen that cowgirl outfit before...
(realizing) Oh! That's Alicia Mae Emory's outfit!
All right. Hey Rach, while you're in there, throw something on Alicia Mae.
No. Here (he tears off the pocket from Ross' shirt, and tears off everything below that as well.)
(whispering) Who do you think its from?
I hate that thing, it's like a... bolt of lightning.
(smiling from ear to ear) Ah-haah! I win!!
That's fire. Beats everything.
Ooh! Well played, Phoebe Buffay, well played.
I had a dream once about a fax machine that did that. (Ross picks it up)
(holds his fist up) WATER BALLOON! (he stuffs the slice in is mouth and gives the foil back to Ross)
(to Ross) Just get in there and make a face to face apology, you know? Look them in the eye. I know I can get them to forgive us.
I'm telling ya... (his eyes open wide and he looks like his eyes are about to pop out. He stares at Ross like this without blinking) I can do it.
Oh! It all looks so beautiful: the turkey, the stuffing...
(still with his door wedged in the door gap, now opens his eyes wide and stares at Monica and Chandler as he did with Ross earlier in the hall) Hey listen guys, we feel really terrible.
Come on you guys, we want you to know we're (His eye widen even more) very very sorry. (Monica and Chandler are now covering their eyes with their hands) (then to the others in the hall) Right guys?
(smiling) Now let's not ruin this day. You worked so hard. Let's move past this and try to have a nice meal all together, huh?
Hey! I'm getting a little tired of this okay? We said we're sorry. It's Thanksgiving for Pete's sakes! A day of forgiveness!
(to Ross, mouthing) Don't make me come up there!
Fine! Let's just go. I don't need your stupid dinner.
Sorry!
Yeah! You three have a nice Thanksgiving.
Yeah! You, Chan, and the vein!
Ha!
Oh-oh! I'm stuck!
No seriously... I'm really wedged in here.
(in agony) aaw-ahhh-aaahhh STOP! STOP! I'm worried about damaging my head.
Alright, hurry up, you gotta do something.
I just wanna say that I'm sorry I referred to the vein as a seperate person...
Oh, that smells good!
Okay.
It isn't working.
Well hurry, I can't feel my ears!
Interesting...
I left them at the park.
It's really starting to hurt.
Ooh! Stop putting things down my pants!
Yeah! Come on!
PUSH! PUSH! PUSH!
(looking at himself) Man, I've got food all over me.
Oh, I know how you feel...
Sure. I went through the exact same thing with Alicia Mae Emory... The waiting, the wandering... Then one day... I get that call from Toys "R" Us... She was in stock!
