I can't believe it. When you guys come back, you're gonna have a baby! That is so weird!
But just think, ok? What if everything goes right? What if this woman does pick you guys?
I'm gonna say someone I'm gonna have sex with. (the girl leaves and Phoebe goes toward the couch) (to Phoebe) Hey!
So... who's your friend?
OW, why, why, why?
Oh, name one friend of yours that I did that with.
Mandy, uh? Uh... really hot blonde, big boobs?
I know why I don't remember her, huh? (he winks at Rachel)
Ok, I may not have treated your friends well in the past, but I have grown up a lot, really. Honest, Rach?
(pointing at himself) Growth!
Ok, thank you. And I promise you I will not forget this one. (he starts writing on his hand) Mandy.
Saraaah.
I can see why, nice shirt!
Stupid Gap on every corner!
Hey.
Well...
Nope.
Oh, really? You know what your great friend did? We're out to dinner, ok? (he starts talking about the date and we can see what happened through a flashback video) We're getting along, having a really nice time. I was thinking she was really cool. And then, out of nowhere...
Hey, hey, look! It’s not about a few fries... it’s about what the fries represent.
ALL FOOD!
Hey, hey, hey, hey. Look. I take a girl out, she can order whatever she wants! The more, the better! All right? Just don’t order a Garden salad and then eat my food! That’s a good way to lose some fingers!
(mad and pointing a finger to himself) JOEY DOESN’T SHARE FOOD!
(he thinks a little, considering the option and seems to be quite satisfied) I like that! A sharing buffer! Yeah! I’ll order some extra fries! Maybe a plate of onion rings. Yeah. And a shrimp cocktail. And some buffalo wings. Maybe an individual pizza, uh? And some mozzarella sticks. (he looks absorbed in his food thoughts) What were we talking about?
I think were not wearing the same shirt anymore!!
(now laughing a little) Dude, I really don't think you should be wearing that.
(looking a little agitated now) Looks like someone IS the ladies!!
Oh, that looks great! Good ordering!
oh, I didn't know you liked French fries. Help yourself! What's mine is yours. (Sarah reaches over and takes a few fries)
Uuuh.. yes, they are my stuffed clams.
How about those fries though, huh? (Holds the plate between Sarah’s fingers and his plate, thus blocking her from reaching his)
(Spotting her movements takes her hand into his own) You are beautiful, you know that?
Oh (grinning, trying to hold in his impatience with her) okay.. (she takes her hand back)
(Visibly annoyed) NOW look what you did!!
I don't like it when people take food off of my plate, okay?
WELL, I DIDN'T MEAN IT!
I'm sorry, I'm overreacting. Okay, It's just when it comes to food, I have certain rules, okay, I mean (bends down and with his plate and his hands, scrapes the dropped dinner back onto the plate and puts it back on the table) There are things you do..and you now, things.. (takes something from the plate and blows it a little) that you don't do (He takes a bite from it).
I really am sorry about, you know..before. I just want to make sure you know that I really do like you.
(Jokingly) Well, stuffed clams.
Uh, excuse me sir, there seems to be some sort of red crap on my cheesecake.
(More to himself than anyone else) So stupid, ordering cheesecake, trying to be healthy. (pushes it aside)
Oh, all right, I'll just have what she's having instead.
Oh yeah, sure. No problem.
Sure I do. (holding up his own dessert) Coule?
(laughing) Really?
Yeah, of course. I can control myself. (laughs uneasily and Sarah leaves the room)
(to the torte) Stop staring at me!
Why, just a tiny little...
Oh-oh!
I'm not even sorry.
(nods) So, why are you still wearing it?
Ooh... Not so good.
Yeah, and you know what? We could do a lot worse.
(shouting to Ross) JOEY DOESN'T SHARE FOOD!
