Uh, hey.
(afraid) Yeah.
So he can't come?
Seriously?
I am pretty wisdomous.
Are you kidding? Phoebe, I would be honored. (they hug)
(takes her hand) Listen, I hope... that you know... (has difficulty saying it) I don't want you to see your father cry, GO TO YOUR ROOM!
Oh no, no, no, let your dad get this.
Hey, you're Mike's parents, right?
Ah, our little ones are growing up fast, uh?
You know, on the one hand you're happy for them, but on the other hand it's hard to let go.
Hey, I'm not that fond of you either, ok buddy? But I'm just trying to be nice for the kids!
So, you know I'm filling in for Phoebe's step dad, tomorrow, right?
Oh, hey, my pleasure. (he suddenly becomes very serious) So what are your intentions with my Phoebe?
Oh, a wiseacre. (Mike looks bewildered). No, no, no, I understand you plan to support your wife by playing the piano? Isn't that kind of unstable?
Strike two!
Strike three! You only get one more, Mike!
Oh, man! I wouldn't have had breakfast if I knew there was going to be corsages!
(to Mike) Hello Michael.
May I have a word with you, please?
Have a seat. (Mike sits on his bed, and Joey towers over him. He starts talking in an Italian godfather-type voice) Last night, I tried to welcome you into my family... and instead, you disrespect me... (shakes his head) I cannot allow this.
More back talk. And yes, I may be borrowing a few lines from my recent unsuccessful audition for "Family Honor 2: Thissa Time Itsa Personal."
I want you to take this seriously! Phoebe is very very important to me, ok? And I wanna make sure that you are gonna take care of her.
(very satisfied and smiling) That's what I wanted to hear! Because she's family, ok, and now you're gonna be family, and there is nothing more important in the whole world, than family.
(almost crying) That was ME!
I'm glad we had this little talk.
(staring at the ice sculpture) How bad do you want to stick your tongue on that? (They all glare at him)
Hey, what are you guys gonna do?
The blizzard. I just saw on the news, it's like the worst snow storm in 20 years! They already closed all the bridges and tunnels. (Opens the curtains to reveal a snow storm outside)
I don't think they are.
Yeah according to the news, most of the city did.
Uh, for your information, since they hired a very hot weather girl.
Oh hey, don't worry. I'm still ordained from your wedding.
Yeah, you'd think I'd give up being a minister and start paying to ride the subway? Huhuh...
I had to read the Bible pretty carefully, but... yeah we do.
Friends, family, dog... Thank you all for being here to witness this blessed event. The cold has now spread to my special place... so I'm gonna do the short version of this. Phoebe and Mike are perfect for each other. And I know I speak for every one here... when I wish them a lifetime of happiness. Who has the rings?
(whispering to Phoebe) Okay...
Yeah?
Oh, okay. Phoebe, do you take this man to be your husband?
Mike, do you take this woman to be your wife?
I now pronounce you... husband and wife.
It was, yeah. I kind of don't want it to end. Hey, you wanna come in for a drink and a bite of corsage?
Nice. Oh hey, what about Ross?
