(enters) Guess what? (they all look expectantly at him) I finally got that seed out of my teeth.
(enters) Hey guys.
No, thank you.
But no, it's not close. You said it was in escrow? I couldn't even find it on the map.
You know what? You are my friends, I wanna be supportive, I will come with you. SHOTGUN!
What? No, the only reason I'm going to their stupid new house, is so I can point out everything that's wrong with it, so they don't move. I'm gonna make them stay here.
Hey, hey... I can convince people to do anything, you know. I bet I can even get Mike to do that "thing". What is it?
I AM NOT GONNA HELP YOU DO THAT! Goodbye! (he leaves)
Me too. Yeah, this place is great. I'm so happy for you guys. Although, you know, I hope you like fungus.
Fungus! Yeah. Place is full of it.
Okay. Then I guess I have dry eyes and a scratchy throat for no reason.
Maybe. So this is the living room huh? Ooh, it's pretty dark. (starts feeling around him like he's in a completely dark room, touching Chandler, who backs out and hits him)
(squinting his eyes) Are you kiddin'? I think I just saw a bat in the corner!
(glares at him for a moment, then admits grudgingly) Maybe. Well, I just think you guys can do better than this house, you know? Or any other house for that matter.
FINE, ok, if you love this house so much, then you should just live here, okay? I just hope you get used to that weird humming sound. (He turns his back to them and starts humming) Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm...
no... hmmmmm... it's not... hmmmmmmmmmm
(turns the card around, obviously had the wrong answer) Ow!
Oh, hi, I'm Joey. My stupid friends are buying this house. Who are you?
(understanding) Oh.
I hate my friends. (They shake on it as if they just made a pact) Alright, look. There's gotta be a way that we can stop this from happening.
(thinking) Uhm... oh! Okay. You come with me, and you tell them that the house is haunted!
Woah, uh! Okay, let's hear your great idea.
(frustrated) Ahh! There's gotta be a way. I mean, you know, if Monica and Chandler move out here and now Phoebe is married to Mike. That just leaves me and Ross and Rach, you know what I mean?
What am I gonna do, I feel like I'm losing my friends.
Oh, yeah, sure, easy for you, you're young. Me, I'm set in my ways.
Yeah, yeah, I guess.
(having difficulty admitting it) Yeah, maybe.
(In near tears, realizes she is right) I hate to admit it, but you're probably right. How did you get to be so smart?
(his mood changes instantly) Just when I thought we could be friends. (he leaves the room)
(entering) Hey!
Oh, just er... you know, looking around. But you know what? This house... is great.
Oh well, the little girl who lives here made me feel a lot better about the whole thing.
(frightened) What?
That's not funny! You know I'm afraid of little girl ghosts!
What? I get my own room?
Oh my God! (they all hug) Oh! Hey, can I have an aquarium? And a sex swing?
Why not? I'll keep the tank clean.
I mean, this soap opera is a great gig, but... am I missing opportunities? You know, I've always thought of myself as a serious actor. I mean, should I be trying to do more independent movies?
Hey bear, I need some career advice.
