(entering) Hey!
Pheebs, I don’t understand. How can you have a roommate that none of us know anything about?
Hey-hey! I thought Naked Thursday’s was just our thing man!
Who was it?
Sure!
Well, I like that idea. Obviously! I was thinking maybe-maybe-maybe it could be a game room, y’know? I mean you can buy old arcade games like uh, like Space Invaders and Asteroids for $200, the real ones! The big-big ones!
Okay so you mean no as in, "Gee Chandler, what an interesting idea. Let’s discuss it before we reject it completely."
So, that’s it?
Which is why Asteroids is perfect! It’s the oldest game!
I don’t have anything against the beautiful guest room, especially since everybody we know lives about 30 seconds away!
No, I’m not mocking you, (in a mocking voice) or you beautiful guest room. (Exits.)
Nothing, Monica and I had a stupid fight.
(reading the ad) "Wanted. Female roommate, non-smoker, non-ugly." Nice!
Hi.
Hi, listen, I’m sorry about before. I don’t need to have a game room. I mean when I was a kid I only played those games because I couldn’t get girls, and now I can ‘em—Now, I have you. (Monica glares at him.) Not-not that I think that I have you or think of you as property in any sort of way, I see women…
Really?
Ohh.
That’s a great idea! We can easily think of a way for us both to enjoy the room.
We don’t have to come up with this now.
Hey, y’know what? Why don’t we think about changes we can make in the living room?
Yeah, I mean we’re gonna have to move around some furniture to make room for my chair. (Kisses her and heads into the living room.)
Is that a problem?
Oh, that’s cool. Then I’ll just bring them both over.
Okay, I get it. So, I get nothing! Nothing here is mine! Everything here is yours! I’ll get up in the morning put on your clothes, and head off to work!
In the game room!
All right! That’s fine! That’s fine! I won’t bring over the chairs! I won’t bring anything over! I wouldn’t want to ruin the ambiance over here at Grandma’s place!! (Storms out.)
(entering) You can call off the roommate search! (To the potential roommate) Hi! I’ll be living here. (Heads for the bathroom.)
Why did you take the shower curtain down?
Well, why don’t you tell her to stop being silly! (Monica mocks him and he joins in.)
Well, we are fond of the silliness, but we also have a soft spot for the love.
That’s laughter.
I don’t know.
Yeah, I do.
He’s being silly, because he knows that we enjoy the silliness!
Yeah, I'm not so worried.
Of course!
Scared me out of ever wanting to live with him.
Okay!
Oh my God! Someone’s killed Square Man!
Oh that’s so sweet! I want to show you something too!
Y’know those big-big uh, road signs that say "Merge?"
Y’know? So I was thinking that we could get one of those signs and hang it over our bed. Because, that’s you and I together! Merge!
Really?!
