What?
Okay, let me just jump in and ask, at what point did you think this was a successful marriage?
Ross, just for my own piece of mind, you’re not married to anymore of us are ya?
You left a shoe here?!
Oh good, when he comes back for his keys, I’ll be sure to give him your shoe.
(not enthused) Yeah, all right.
Whoa-whoa-whoa! What?
Yeah, I’m gonna pass. ‘Cause I was kinda iffy when it was puppies.
Little baby girl Chandler, where I have heard that before? Oh right, Coach Ruben. (Tries to get her to drink a little more from the bottle when he suddenly smells something. It’s times like these I’m glad Smell-O-Vision hasn’t been invented.) Do you know what Pheebs? When you’re done over there, we kinda have a situation over here too. (Phoebe is changing hers.)
See that’s where I think that you’re wrong. We’ve been playing these babies man for man; we should really be playing a zone defense.
I just think that things would go a lot smoother if we each have our own zone. Phoebe, you can be in charge of wiping. And y’know Mon, you can be in charge of diapering and I can be in charge of looking how cute they are when they put their hands around… (He degrades into baby talk, but he means when they grab his finger.)
Okay, I’m a rookie. I should not be in the end zone.
Hey!
Shocking! Since you still have the keys.
What equity investments?
You don’t even have a car!
And?
There you are.
(entering) Check it out! Check it out! When the babies wake up, they can meet Krog! (He holds up this Xena-like warrior action figure.)
He can do more than that! He can destroy the universe!
They’re not gonna swallow anything, you guys are being way over protective. When I was a kid, my mom used to just throw me into a pile of broken glass!
Glass, sand, whatever. (Walks out as Monica and Phoebe turn to check on the babies again.)
(entering) All right. (Clears throat) I thought about it and maybe you’re right. Maybe Krog is not a safe toy.
I swallowed the sonic blaster gun.
Well, I was trying to prove that I was right. Y’know? And it turns out I was wrong. And now it’s lodged in my throat. (Mimics a cat trying to cough up a hairball.) (He does it again.)
But you found the keys to his clothes?
That is true.
Ahh, I think it just moved. It’s really poking me.
I think that’s gum.
Okay, listen this really hurts. Let’s go.
(entering) Hey!
Well, let’s just say that Krog will be fully equipped to destroy the universe again in twelve to fourteen hours.
And protected them from a tornado?
Was the setting of Phoebe’s triumph.
Is not as important as the fact that Phoebe took care of the babies all by herself.
(pause) Phoebe, would you take a look at this mess!!!!
