(not amused) And I just realized I can sleep with my eyes open.
Hey!
I didn't nail the boxes to the floor.
Yes, and while I'm doing that, Ross has a great computer story for you.
So, uh, wh-where ya from?
Unbelievable
Hey, look at all the boxes!
All right, think about it. Now remember when you were going out with that girl Donna and you guys broke up. Remember how horrible it was when you guys bumped into each other at the supermarket?
Now imagine you live at the supermarket.
No-no
OK, I'm officially unpacked. Thanks for helping me man. (Turns around and sees that Joey isn't there.) Joe? (Hears giggling coming from a box) Well, I guess Joey went home. Oh and look, there's still one box that I have to unpack. (Hears the giggling again)
(pretending) Oh my God! You-almost-gave-me-a-heart-attack.
Yeah, not bad right? You know what, Monica’s gonna be working late, so I'm gonna make this place spotless. You know what else I'm gonna do, know what else I'm gonna do? I'm gonna go downstairs, I'm gonna get her some flowers. Now who wouldn't wanna live with me?
Yeah, now how's that going though? Are you okay with the not-flirting thing?
What does it look like I'm doing? I am cleaning!
Authorization? I don't need that. I'm gonna put everything back.
Yes I'm gonna put it back (Mocking Ross) exactly where I found it.
She's not gonna care if I put her stuff back in the same stupid place.
She is gonna recognize that I did a nice thing and-and, appreciate it.
I see, I see, y-y-you're trying to freak me out.
No, she's not okay? And I'll prove it to you. I'm gonna call her right now. (Picks up the phone and wipes it off) Phone's done ehh.
Hey Mon, how's it going?
Oh come on, come on, it can't be that bad.
No! No-no-no-no-no-no. It sounds like they really need you down there.
It's, all good! Okay bye-bye Mon! (To Ross) She's-she's gonna kill me.
We should start with the big stuff. Y’know? That'll be the easiest. Uh, let's start with the couch. (He picks up one end and Ross doesn't help) I got it. (He moves it back to where he thinks it goes.)
What are you talking about? The couch is perfectly in line with the carpet. And then I can just walk over here and casually just put my feet right up on the...(Tries to rest his feet on the coffee table but they won't reach) OK, OK, here's what we do, we just uh, move the couch closer to the coffee table.
OK well here, we'll just move the coffee table closer to the couch.
Yes, but the coffee table doesn't match the...blahebdmsdlkhdyslkd;btyds...Rooosss!!!!
Oh no, yes we do my man. Remember when we were back in college and we went to that spring dance and you walked right up to that girl you liked and you could not stop talking about the Irish potato famine?
Yeah, Monica doesn't like that either, Maybe I should stop doing that.
That's not specific to girls.
And they don't like it when you explain why your jokes are funny.
Man, I'm so lucky I have Monica.
Okay, is this lamp in the same place?
(blocks the door) No-no-no-no-no-no-no-no!!! You can't come in here! R-r-r-r-Ross is naked.
(to Ross) I couldn't say that I was naked because she's allowed too see me naked.
Look, uh, just come later, we'll get everything squared away and you can come back later.
Bye! Thank God
Look, we have no time okay? We must focus. We gotta get everything back into its original place.
That's perfect! That's brilliant! (Starts going through the photo album)
Uh-huh
No, I don't see anything different other than the fact that the room got so much brighter when you came into it. (Forced laughter)
Okay look, don't...don't be mad okay? But after I unpacked the boxes I wanted to do something nice for you, so, I-I-I cleaned the apartment. So I moved everything around and then I forgot where it, where it went back and I'm sorry, I'm very sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Do you want me to be afraid of you?
Really?
Oh well you're the best. You come here to me.
Ba dum bumb cheshhh!
