Sydney Portier? Hehheh.
Oh! That’s great, they haven’t seen the place since I moved in!
(shocked at the news) Why can’t I tell them that we live together?
Why haven’t you told them?!
Why haven’t you told them?! Wouldn’t they be happy?!
Why wouldn’t they be happy?
What? What? Why?!
Is this why they don’t like me or why you don’t like me?
Y’know, it’ll be okay. It’ll be okay. Because when they come over, I will be all charming, I will make them fall in love with me, and then we’ll tell ‘em.
Hey, I can be pretty charming, babe, I won YOU over, didn’t I?
Hey! (Sees Ross is there) Oh, good, Ross! You’re parents like me, right?
Well Monica just told me that they don’t.
(annoyed) Do you know why?
(angry) Well if people don’t know they shouldn’t just guess!
This is great, another Thanksgiving with nothing to give thanks for.
Maybe I could give thanks by taking my Playstation over to my new apartment.
[mocks that last comment].
Hey.
Hey.
Mr. and Mrs. Geller, you look wonderful, it is great to have you hear, let us take off your coats!
Whoa, snowing out there?
Yeah, Ross sure is a great guy, y’know I’ve always felt that how a young man turns out is a reflection on his father.
(worried) He’s the headliner of a gay burlesque show.
Oh, yes. Well it’s very beautiful. It’s cream-colored and tight [Realizes what he just said and looks worried. Monica and Ross also looked shocked. Judy and Jack give Chandler a very dirty look.] I don’t mean tight, I mean it’s not too tight, not that I was looking at-[giving up all hope, he puts his head into his hands.]
(shocked) What?
You do? Why?
What?! Why did you do that?
How could it not matter?!
What about all that “friends forever” stuff?
Your parents caught Ross smoking pot in college and he blamed it on me!
The reason we haven’t told them we’re together is because they hate me, okay? So will you fix this?
Yeah, I’m not gonna pay for those acting classes anymore.
(clearly lying and hating the dessert) Yeah, this is so good, that I’m gonna go enjoy it on the balcony so that I can enjoy the view whilst I enjoy my dessert.
(lying) Yes, but if it’s any consolation, before the bird dropped it, he seemed to enjoy it.
Thank you!
(In a parent-like tone) I’ll talk to them!
