Let me ask you, why is everybody using these tiny lights nowadays? I remember when people used to use big lights.
I dunno what it is, it just doesn’t quite feel like Christmas to me.
See now it feels like Christmas!
Hey Joe what’s up?
I can see why that’s hard to resist.
You are aware that she’s not a monkey, right?
Ah, you’re still just a little fat girl inside aren’t you? (He kisses her on the cheek)
What, what are you laughing at?
I don’t think so.
(To Rachel) Oh my God!
I can save you time ladies, I’m right here.
What? That’s terrible!
Oh well, that makes it not terrible.
No not okay, you can’t look for Monica’s presents!
No, you don’t have to, and you can’t because I live here too.
Why?
No, I have a great idea for a present for her.
If I help, we can find ‘em faster!
Y’know when you guys said you were gonna go across the hall and look, you don’t, you don’t do that every year do you?
You don’t, like go into the back of my closet, and look under my gym bag or anything?
Because that’s where Joey gave me some stuff to store that I’ve never seen before in my life! Okay, that did not just happen! (He does a weird clicky motion with his fingers, that kinda hard to describe.)
I couldn't find anything at Joey--Hey-hey, oh hey!
Those are my gifts, I got them for you.
Those are book ends! That's a great gift!
Make sure you put all that stuff back in the closet, okay?
Oh, hey guys!
Yes, if the presents are hidden south for the winter.
Oh, the duck seems to think that Monica got me garbage! Hmm, I wonder what I could get Monica that’s as good as garbage?
What?
Oh great!
Okay! Okay! Okay!
Wait, we can’t do this.
I don’t wanna know what Monica got me. Y’know? I mean, look, I’m sure she worked really hard at getting you a present, and wanting to surprise me, and you guys are gonna ruin that, and I, look we have to put these back, this is not what Christmas is about.
Nobody is opening anything ok? Look, I don’t know about you guys, but I wanna see the look on Monica’s face when I give her my present, and I’m sure she wants to see the look on my face when I get mine. So please, please, can we just, can we put them back?
Fine!
That’s what you got me?
Now you do that, you’re on TV.
