That is funny. It was also funny when I made it up.
I made that joke up.
Yes, I did. I told it to Dan at work, and he said it was the funniest joke he’d ever heard.
Monica, you remember me telling you that joke, right?
Seriously?
Yeah, I guess.
(jumping up from his chair) Hey, Joey, Playboy printed my joke.
It’s my joke.
Dude, you have got to turn on Behind the Music. The band Heart is having a really tough time, and I think they may break up.
Nah, Monica’s watching some cooking show. Come on, I don’t want to miss when they were skinny.
What? No, I want to watch this. (He turns on the television and the screen is completely covered in snow). Did your cable go out?
Joey, why is your cable out?
If you need money, will you please-please just let me loan you some money?
Whoa ho.
(picks up the phone) All right, you want to see if the joke stealer will let us watch the show at his place?
(with phone to ear, obviously hearing no dial tone) Paid your phone bill?
Yeah.
So, you heard it, you repeated it, so that must mean you wrote it.
And monkeys can’t write out prescriptions.
(stops laughing, to Ross) You are not allowed to laugh at my joke.
So, you stole my joke, and you stole my money.
Well, she is going to know that you stole the joke.
Yeah!
Okay (he goes to sit down).
(visibly upset) He took my joke, he took it.
You know who else picked Rachel? Ross, and you know what else Ross did? He stole my joke. You know what? I’m going to get a joke journal. Y’know? And document the date and time of every single one of my jokes.
Yeah!
Picking Rachel.
Maybe it’s the sound of Ross climbing into my brain and stealing my thoughts.
So is your apron. You’re wearing it like a cape.
I think it’s great that you work here. You’re going to make a lot of money, and here’s your first tip: Don’t eat yellow snow. (He laughs, then picks up a pen, glares at Ross, and writes in his journal). Ah ha ha, 2:15, coffeehouse.
It’s my joke.
It’s my joke.
Let’s have Monica decide.
Yeah!
Mon, get out here!
Okay, okay. You have to help us decide whose joke this is.
Because you’re the only one that can be fair.
(to Ross) Don’t try to sway her. (To Monica) (Softly) I’m your only chance to have a baby. Okay, let’s go.
Okay, I thought of the joke two months ago at lunch with Steve.
Can I finish my story?!
So Steve said he had to go to the doctor. And Steve’s doctor’s name is Doctor Muppy. So I said, ‘Doctor Monkey?’ And that is how the whole Doctor Monkey thing came up. (He slams his feet up on the table to emphasize his point.)
I’m not arguing with that.
Is not.
Hi, oh hi.
(starts to recite a rehearsed speech) Monica is a self-sufficient, together lady. (Pause.) Being with her has been like being on a vacation. And what may be perceived as high maintenance is merely attention to detail and—(He falters and Monica prompts him.)—generosity of spirit.
(To Chandler) I’m out of words. Should I just say the whole thing again?
(pauses as he struggles with what he has to say) You’re a little high maintenance.
I’m sorry. You’re not easy-going, but you’re passionate, and that’s good. And when you get upset about the little things, I think that I’m pretty good about making you feel better about that. And that’s good too. So, they can say that you’re high maintenance, but it’s okay, because I like … maintaining you.
(happily) I’m off the list. (Sits on the couch.)
Hey, buddy boy, how’d the audition go?
Hey.
Joey! (Pause as they all stare at him.) No way. I’m not answering that.
