This coming from the man who couldn’t split our 80 dollar phone bill in half.
Hey, what are you doing here? Shouldn’t you be at work?
I’m so sorry you’re sick.
I’m gonna grab you some tissue.
Yes?
Oh my God, introduce us!
Boy did we make friends with the wrong sister! (Rachel glares at him.)
I know, let’s rest and drink lots of fluids. (Holds up a glass of orange juice.)
That would be impossible to resist if you weren’t all drippy here. (Points to his nose.)
Yeah, I don’t you should say that even when you’re healthy.
Don’t take this personally okay? It’s just that I just can’t have sex with a sick person.
That’s the thing, see I would like to stay in the pribe of mwha-ah-libe.
Oh what is it honey, you need some tea? Some soup? (He gets up from the couch and goes into the bedroom to find Monica, still in the robe, lying seductively on the bed. Or at least she’s trying too and as he enters the room, she takes the robe off on of her legs.) Oh-ohhhh!
Oh Jeez honey, I thought, I thought you were asleep.
I was asleep. (She takes off her robe and starts to shiver) Oh no! No-no honey! Y’know what’s sexy? Layers. Layers are sexy. And blankets are sexy. And oh! Hot water bottles are sexy.
Would you please get some rest!
Really? Struck down in the pribe of libe!
No-no-no-no-no-no-no, you are not getting me this way.
No-no-no-no-no!
Okay.
So you’re just, kinda rubbing it on yourself?
It’s nice.
Yes! (Hangs his head in shame.)
It’s all very, very good. (She covers up and sits down.) So you wanna go uh, mix it up?
Oh come on you big faker!
Well that was before all the vaporizing action.
Okay! (Runs into the bedroom.)
(calling from the bathroom) What are you doing here?
We got some Vap-O-Rub in some places.
He’s taking off her coat!
Ho-oh, he’s gonna get some! (Rachel looks at him.) Of the glare from the streetlight out of his apartment. Y’know so umm, he’s closed the drapes there so he can have a nice, pleasant conversation with your little sister. (Pause) Well, I’m off to bed! (Goes to bed.)
