Yeah.
Twenty percent is a pretty generous tip Joe.
I see where you’re goin’!
(reminiscing) Ah, finally an explanation.
Hey-hey, is Monica here?
Okay, look I need your help, I don’t know what to get her for Valentine’s Day.
(laughs) She was working on Valentine’s Day so we’re celebrating it tonight.
Well appealing as that does sound to her boyfriend (pause) and her brother, (the camera pans to Ross flashing Joey a very evil look; Joey gets scared) I can’t do that we promised we’d make each other gifts this year.
Yeah, I thought so to until I paper mached one of my eyes shut.
I made a… (Does one of those gibberish words.)
Nothing!
Well, have you guys made anything that maybe I can take credit for?
(admiring his work) This, this actually is a… (Does the same gibberish word from before.)
Hey! Honey, can I ask you a question about the Valentine’s Day gifts?
Do we have to make the entire thing?
Of course, of course not. I just have to uh, go over to the place where I-I made it and pick-pick it up.
(sticking his head back in) What?
Hey.
What?!
Okay, are you aware unagi (does the finger thing) is an eel?
I can’t figure out what to make Monica.
I’m going crazy! Okay? Do you have any thing around here that looks homemade?
Yeah, I guess I could use that. I could say that your love sends me to the moon.
Wait a minute, I can’t give this to her.
Because it says "Captain Ross" on the side and "I hate Monica" on the bottom.
Okay. Okay. (He goes to the closet, moves the clothes out of the way, and notices an empty hanger. He takes the empty hanger and bends it all out of shape. Then he holds it out as if he’s giving it to her.) Yes honey, I made it myself. (He throws it down and goes to her chest, grabs something, goes to the bed table, and takes out a pair of scissors. He turns around and holds the scissors to the crotch of the panties he just removed.) I can’t do it. I can’t do it. (He throws them both down and continues looking. He opens another closet door and finds a tape.) Oh! Oh! A mixed tape! A mixed tape!! (He runs out into the living room.)
Hey! Hi! You uh, ready to exchange gifts?
Okay, come here! Come here.
Now, it’s not wrapped because I just, just finished it.
But I made you a tape of what I think are all romantic songs.
(momentarily terrified) Maybe we’ll have to listen and see!
Okay!
Yeah!
It’s a sock bunny.
Not really.
I see. Y’know umm, Phoebe makes sock bunnies.
Oh, it’s okay. I don’t…
(thinking it over) Well, I did put a lot of thought in the tape. (They both run into the bedroom.)
Wow! (To the sock bunny still on his hand.) You are way to young to have seen that!
You are totally and completely 100% forgiven.
Yeah! (Takes it off his hand and throws it behind the night-stand.)
You have done enough!
No you don’t—get it in black, not brown.
Oop!
Well, it’s like that old saying, have some sex, eat some cake.
Who the hell is Carl?!
Y’know sometimes the good ideas are just right in front of you, aren’t they?
Oh my good God.
Look, you have done enough! Okay? You have to stop this now.
Oh, the mixed tape.
No! You’re the sweetest! (He tries to kiss her but Monica backs away with a look that could kill on her face.)
I am so, so, so, so sorry!
And I will cook anything you want in here (points to the kitchen), and do anything in there! (Points to the bedroom.)
Come on Monica, it’s our Valentine’s Day. Please? Please-please, please?
Okay. (They hug.)
So, are we going in there?
