Okay, well tonight’s the big night.
It is going to be perfect. I am taking her to her favorite restaurant. I’m going to get her a bottle of the champagne that she really loves; therefore knows how expensive it is. Then when the glasses are full, instead of proposing a toast I’m just gonna propose.
Yeah.
I’m not gonna mess it up.
She’s not gonna say no.
Hey!
(To Phoebe) Give me it!
Phoebe!
(with his mouthful) Hi Monica.
Hey!
(glaring at her) Well, Monica and Chandler can’t go. We’re going to dinner remember?!
I just get mad when Rachel doesn’t remember where we’re going.
Well, you could also give back the money you owe me.
Oh, so you’re already doing your part for the kids.
Wait a minute, all jokes aside? I didn’t agree to that!
Will you marry me? Will you marry me? (Makes like a gun with his fingers.) Hey, you marry me! (He gives up as Joey, Rachel, Phoebe, and Ross slink in all excited.) What’s going on little elves?
Yeah, right here in my pocket. (Pats his pocket. Phoebe smiles, goes over to hug him, and removes the ring from his pocket.) Pheebs?
Okay, now will you guys get out of here? I want this is to be a surprise and she’s gonna know.
(To Monica) You are beautiful.
(trying to cover up why his hand is over his heart) One nation, under God. Indivisible with liberty and justice for all. (Laughs.) I remembered it. (It’s a butchered version of the Pledge of Allegiance of the United States for our foreign friends.) The champagne is here. (The waiter is delivering it and pouring two glasses.)
Yes! Yes! I’m good! Are you good? Are you good? Is everything—are you—are you perrr-perfect?!
Oh, yeah. (Starts to take it off and then realizes) Uh, no you can’t have my jacket! Because then I would be cold! If you thought that you were going to be cold, you should’ve brought your own jacket. But uh, other than that, are you okay? Are you okay?
Yes! I’m fine. In fact I’ve been fine for a long time now and I think, the reason is you.
Okay umm, before I meant you I had really little life and I couldn’t imagine growing old with…
(not knowing the true meaning of her exclamation) I know, but just let me say it.
What?! I’m Chandler! (She nods towards the doorway, Chandler turns and looks) Oh, that’s Richard!
Hey-hey, hey! (Gets up and hugs him.) I don’t know why I did that!
(to Richard’s date) And uh, you don’t have a mustache which is good. (She just smiles.) I’m Chandler; I make jokes when I’m uncomfortable.
Hi.
Richard! No one supposed to know about us! (Richard just smiles at him.) See I, did it again.
Yeah, I’ll sit down. (He slides back into his chair.)
Yes. (Thinking he’s gone.)
I got a good one, I got a good one! I once walked in on both my parents making love to the same guy.
What?!
(stopping him from going any further) Before you say anything, have we got a story for you! Guess who we bumped into at dinner!
Richard!
Oh you knew that. Good!
For camp!
Hey, you have to forget about Elizabeth. I mean if you’re not careful you may not get married at all this year!
(after the door closes) What did you guys just do?!
Richard was there so I couldn’t do it!
I’m gonna do it tomorrow y’know, and-and surprise her, but now you’ve ruined it!
Who walks into a room and asks to see a person’s hands?!
This is terrible. What am I going to do?
That’s right, I can throw her off. I can make her think marriage is the last thing on my mind.
I can do that, I’ve had 30 years of practice.
Okay, okay, here she comes! (Sits on the couch next to him.) How do I look? Do I look like a guy who doesn’t want to get married?
Hey!
Oh, just hanging out, talkin’ about uh, websites. (Joey laughs.) Yeah, we saw this really interesting website about marriage and how totally unnecessary it is and how its just a way for the government to keep tabs on you.
Yeah, well… Y’know, it just got me thinking though, why would anybody ever want to get married huh?
Eh…
Sure I do. In fact, I think the whole concept of marriage is unnatural. I mean look at pigs. Let’s take a second here and look at pigs. Okay pigs don’t mate for life. I mean a pig can have like a hundred sexual partners in a lifetime, and that’s just an ordinary pig not even a pig that’s good at sports!
If marriage worked, I’d be all for it. But do you know what the divorce rate in this country is? 97%.
Well, never say never but y’know probably uh yeah, never.
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What is all this pressure?! Is this some new kind of strategy? Why don’t you put down your copy of ‘The Rules’ huh mantrap?!
(to them) It’s okay, I got a plan.
I was making a coconut phone with the professor.
What?!
My—Oh my God!
He’s not supposed to ask my girlfriend to marry him! I’m supposed to do that!
Well what… Y’know what I’m gonna do? I’m gonna go over there; I’m gonna kick his ass! (Pause) Will you help me?!
You’re right.
Okay. (Starts running for the bedroom) I’m gonna get the ring! I’m gonna get the ring! (Does so) I’m gonna go find her and (starts running for the door) I’m just going to propose!
Okay great.
What?!
Where is she? I’m not scared of you! (Averts his eyes and walks in.)
(examining the coffee table) Scotch on the rocks, with a twist, on a coaster? Ha-ha, Monica! Monica!
Well where did she go?
Oh my God, I can’t believe this! Y’know, I thought…I thought you were a good guy.
Nothing happened? Nothing? So you didn’t tell my girlfriend that you love her?
Y’know what? I can’t believe this! Do you know what you did? My girlfriend is out there thinking things over! You made my girlfriend think!!
And what does she have to think about? I love her!
But I am willing to offer her all those things. This was just a plan, y’know? A way to throw her off course so that when I offered her all these things, she’d be surprised!
It was working until you showed up, you big tree! I mean, this isn’t fair. You had your chance with her! You had your chance and you blew it! And this is my chance and I am not going to blow it because we are meant for each other! And this is all just been one stupid mistake! (Sits down heavily.) I was gonna propose tonight.
Yeah I even (pause) got a ring. (Puts in on the center cushion.) Did you get a ring?
Y’know Richard…you are a good guy.
I can’t talk to you now, I gotta find Monica!
What?
What are you talking about?
Well why didn’t you stop her?! Why didn’t you just tell her it was a plan?!
Well where… Where did she go?
I can’t believe I ruined this.
Oh my God.
Okay! (He joins her on one knee) Okay! Okay! Oh God, I thought… (Starting to cry, pauses) Wait a minute, I-I can do this. (Pause) I thought that it mattered what I said or where I said it. Then I realized the only thing that matters is that you, (Pause) you make me happier than I ever thought I could be. (Starting to cry again.) And if you’ll let me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way. (Pause as he gets out the ring.) Monica, will you marry me?
