(joins him) I gotta get one, too.
Yeah, we know, but there's a baby suckin' on it.
Uh, does it hurt?
Chandler?
Ok, I got one, I got one. Uh, if he blows into one, does the other one get bigger?
Monica what're you doin'? You can't go shopping with her? What about Rachel?
(A guy walks by) Bijan for men? (Another guy walks by) Bijan for men? (Another guy walks by) Bijan for men? (An attractive woman walks by.) Hey Annabelle.
Who?
What's he doin' in my section?
Well, he's gonna. I'll see you a little later, ok? (To the Hombre Man) Hey, how ya doin'?
Listen, I know you're new, but it's kinda understood that everything from Young Men's to the escalator is my territory.
Yeah. Bijan for men?
(to a guy) Bijan for men? (to a guy) Bijan for men? (To a woman) Bijan for... (Sees it's a woman and stops.) (To Annabelle who walks up.) Hey, Annabelle, Uh, listen, I was wondering if maybe after work you and I could go maybe grab a cup of coffee.
(To a co-worker) Hey, it's not the first time I lost a girl to a cowboy spraying cologne. (A customer walks by.) Bijan for men? (The customer ignores him, and Joey starts to chase him) Bijan for men?!
What is the big deal? (Tastes the breast milk.)
Yeah, it's kinda sweet, sorta like, uh...
Exactly.
(sitting on the otherside of the counter from Chandler) Gimme a box a juice. Well, they switched me over to Hombre.
Or maybe it's because this guy's doing so good they wanna put more people on it. (Chandler pours some juice in a glass.) You should see this guy, Chandler, he goes through two bottles a day.
I know, but, I was the best, you know? I liked being the best. (He downs the glass of juice in one swig.) I don't know. Maybe I should just get outta the game. They need guys up in housewares to serve cheese.
Yeah I guess you're right.
I'm gonna do it. (He downs the juice in one swig again.)
Mornin'. (The Hombre man ignores him) I said, mornin'.
Yeah, I'm ready.
These new kids, they never last. Sooner or later, they all...stop lastin'. Listen, uh, what do you say I buy you that cup of coffee now?
