I'm excited! I've never gotten reviewed before.
Here it is, here it is. [reading from newspaper] The only thing worse than the mindless, adolescent direction was Joseph Tribbiani's disturbingly unskilled portrayal of the king.
Maybe they do. I've been doin' this ten years and I haven't gotten anywhere. There's gotta be a reason.
No, no, no, it.. it's too hard. It's not worth it. I quit.
When I was little, I wanted to be a veteranarian, but then I found out you had to put your hands into cows and stuff.
No, I'm alright man. Really.
Hey no, seriously, I don't need you to pick me... [Fun Bobby picks Joey up off the ground, bounces him. Joey laughs.] Alright! It still works.
I just had a glass.
[realizing what everyone else did a minute ago] Ooooooh.
Monica, have you ever been with him when he wasn't drinking?
Hey.
Yeah, my agent just called me with an audition for Days of Our Lives!
With a man?
What about Ross? I mean, are you still mad at him cause he made that list about you?
Well, I think it went pretty well. I.. I got a callback for Thursday.
No.
OK, uh.... listen, there's something I want to talk to you about. The network casting lady...
Oh yeah, yeah, she's great, but... I kinda got the feeling that she was sort of... coming on to me. And I definitely would get the part if I would've... you know... if I would have sent the Little General in.
Hey.
Well, the part's mine if I want it.
Yeah, if I'm willing to sleep with the casting lady.
Ten years I've been waiting for a break like this Chandler, ten years! I mean, Days of Our Lives. That's actually on television.
Well, I guess I could sleep with her... I mean, how could I do that?
I've never slept with someone for a part.
Sorry.
Yeah, she's totally good looking. I mean, if I met her in a bar, or something, I'd be buying her breakfast. [pause] You know, after having slept with her.
I just... I just don't think that I want it that way though, y'know? I mean, let's say I do make it, alright? I'm always gonna look back and wonder if it was because of my talent or because of.. y'know, the Little General.
Yeah, but after Denise DeMarco, I had to promote it.
Hey.
It was unbelievable! I walked in there and she was all over me.
Well, I couldn't do it. I told her I didn't want to get the part that way.
But wait, wait, wait. Then, after I left her office, she caught up with me at the elevator and offered me an even bigger part.
Soooooo... you are now looking at Dr. Drake Ramore, neurosurgeon, recurring in at least four episodes!
Alright... I've got to go shower. [leaves]
