Yea yea. (Pulls the balloon out of his mouth)
No, no, Ross and Rachel will be back soon and then I gotta go to the office (Pulls another balloon out of his mouth) Am I producing them?
Couldn’t sleep last night you know, then I started worrying about this big divisional meeting that I have later today, the more I worried about it the more I couldn’t sleep. Y’know? I was like, if I fall asleep now I’ll get six hours sleep, but if I fall asleep now I’ll get five hours sleep. Not matter what I did I couldn’t fall asleep.
Hey, what do I know? I wanted to get a bigger gorilla.
Walter (nods).
Yep.
(not knowing what he’s saying yes to) Yes.
(enters) Hey.
Monica can I talk to you outside for a minute?
Actually Pheebs its more of a husband and wife kinda thing
Umm, you know how we always said that it would be fun to move to Paris for a year? You know, you could study French cooking and I could write and we could take a picnic along the Seine and go wine tasting in Bordeaux?
Okay, you know how that people say that Tulsa is the Paris of Oklahoma?
People who’ve never ever been to Paris.
We’re moving to Tulsa! (Makes a excited expression on his face)
Okay, Ms. McKenna, she kind of works above my boss, she asked me to move to Tulsa and be the president of our office there, and I was sleeping and apparently, said yes.
The Sooner State, whatever that is.
Really? Oh What A Beautiful Morning! Surrey With A Fringe On Top.
No, no, but they are going to lease us a Ford Focus. (Monica’s not impressed.) I’ll get out of it.
(hears Emma crying) What is wrong with Emma?
Umm ma’am, do you have a minute? (She points for him to come in) I kind of have some bad news. I don’t think I can move to Tulsa.
It’s a funny story, actually. (coughs) I kind of fell asleep in the meeting this morning so when I said I’d move to Tulsa, I didn’t really know what I was saying.
But only because I was up all night worried about this meeting, ain’t that funny? Irony? Not a fan, alright (he sits down). See, here’s the thing. I went home and told my wife about Tulsa and she won’t go. See, me, I love Tulsa! Tulsa is heaven! Tulsa is Italy—Please don’t make me go there!
No no no! Look, Carol, can I call you Carol? (Pause) Wh-why would I when your name is Elaine? Oh what a great picture of your son, strapping! (She glares at him.) That’s a picture of your daughter, isn’t it, well she’s lovely. I like a girl with a strong jaw. I’ll call you from Tulsa. (Exits.)
(entering, loudly) Hey!
Oh so there can’t be any yelling.
We’re moving to Tulsa
Shhhh! Shhhhh! Shhhhh! Shhhhh! (Walks backwards towards the door) I can’t, I can’t hear you. (He runs out)
(enters) Hey, what you guys talking about?
