Okay, our news. My company has asked me to head up our office in Tulsa , so as of Monday I'm being officially relocated.
They said it could be up to a year.
There is nothing like the support of your loving wife, huh?
I'm sorry buddy, but I don't think I'm gonna be able to make it.
Really?
(Enters) Hey!
I've got good news!
Okay, I have news. You don't have to move to Tulsa. You can stay here and keep your job.
I'm sorry, are you just used to saying that?
Really?
That's fast math! We could use you in Tulsa.
Hey, you said that without gagging!
I know what she's talking about.
He saw a therapist?
Hey!
Looking for restaurant jobs for you in Tulsa.
Slim Pickings.
No, 'Slim Pickings', it's a barbecue restaurant. They're looking for a cook. Actually 'cook' may be a bit of a stretch. They're looking for someone to shovel mesquite.
'So Cheesy' also has an opening.
Can I just say how much I appreciate you coming with me. When we get to Tulsa I'm taking you for a great dinner at 'Slim Pickings'. 'So Cheesy'? 'Whole Hog'? It's going to be tough to keep Kosher in Tulsa.
Honey, we're leaving tomorrow you've still got a lot of packing to do.
What?
How far outside?
And you're thinking of taking it? (Pause) So before you said being me with me was more important than any job, but I guess now it's old job, (Raises his hand) me, (Raises his hand) new job.
What happened to 'you can't live without me four days a week'?
I think you should take the job.
Yeah. I know it must be important to you when you start chattering like a monkey.
Diagnostician or boo-boo fixer?
Does he say that before he sticks his thermometer in your touchy?
That was not a security blanket! That was a wall-hanging!
Well, you got here just in time. I really have to go buddy. (They hug)
Of course I will call you. I love you.
Awww. (They hug) Bye!
(Tries to hug Joey but J. moves away) What's the matter Joe?
Any chance you are trying to pick a fight to make all this easier?
Well, bye Mon, bye Ross, Rachel, bye Emma!
I know.
I know that too. (They kiss)
(On cell phone) Don't worry, I'll be back before you know it. Yes it will be the same. Because I know, that's how. I promise.
