(picking up the telephone, answering it with a frog in his throat) Hello? (he clears his throat, but he still has the same frog in his throat when he speaks again) Hello?
Honey, you're screaming.
(yawning) Oh, that's great.
(clearly not so interested) Awesome.
(angry) Funniest guy she's ever met! (to the door) I'm funny, right...? What do you know, you're a door... You just like knock-knock jokes... (laughs about himself, but then gets determined again) Save it for inside! (he enters)
Hey!
So... Oklahoma is a crazy place. You know, they call it the Sooner state. Frankly I'd sooner be in any other state. (Monica looks at Phoebe, who also doesn't know what to say.) And what's with Oklahoma having a pan handle? Can all states have stuff like that? Hey yeah, I'm from the waistband, Wyoming. But when I was seven, we headed over to the crotch.
(laughs, but then moves to Phoebe) And don't get me started on the way that people from Tulsa talk.
What's with the word y'all? You know, just... two words just... pushed together... Are we all allowed to do that, because if so, I say why stop there? You know, your new poodle could be your noodle. And fried chicken? Could be fricken.Waiter, waiter excuse me, I'll have the fricken? (Monica laughs) See, that's... that's funny with the fricken, right?
Yeah, he came up...
(to Phoebe) Were you there?
Hey! (Joey doesn't look up, but gestures 'wait a minute' with his finger while he finishes reading the article. Chandler waits for Joey to finish.) I need you to set me up for a joke. Later, when Monica is around, I need you to ask me about fire trucks.
(Can't believe what he hears) Well, thank God your livelihood doesn't depend on it.
Monica says that her Maitre D. is the funniest guy she's ever met.
Yes! Am I crazy to be this upset?
Yeah!
Ye.... (stops because he realises what Joey just said, and stares at him. At this moment Monica enters)
Hey!
What are you guys talking about?
You got a man who's a nanny...? You got a manny...? (Monica starts laughing, but very exaggerated. Joey realises they also should laugh and punches Ross. Now all three of them laugh, but very fake. Chandler seems happy again.)
You know, I don't mind a... male nanny, but I do draw the line at a male wetnurse. (again they laugh, even more fake than before)
If I'd known you guys were coming over, I would have brought more pizza. (they all burst out in a thundering laugh)
What is so funny about that? (they realise it wasn't a joke)
Did you tell her what we talked about? (Joey starts laughing hysterically, but then gets serious again...)
So those were pity laughs? PITY LAUGHS? (Joey and Ross walk away from the kitchen)
Oh yeah? Is he funnier than me?
I do limericks... uhm... There once was a man named Chandler, whose wife made him die inside.
Well, I'm off to Tulsa, so if your Maitre D. friend has any funny Oklahoma jokes, tell him to e-mail me at www.hahanotsomuch.com.
Really...? See... that's the thing: you gotta keep it smart, people!
I love you too. (Monica and Chandler kiss. He turns to Joey.) And... I like you as a friend. (They hug and pat each other on the back.)
See ya! (he leaves the apartment)
