Hi!
How come?
Do you have any ideas?
(imitating Monica) Oh, and you know whose knowledge of her ex-boyfriend is shocking? Monica!
Oh, well... Maybe I'll join them some time. I just hope the club doesn't slip out of my hand and beat the moustache off his face.
So how come Richard's selling the place? Went bankrupt? Medical malpractice? Choked on his own moustache?
mmm That's enough about you!
No, no, no, no, no, NO! No, no... we're not together. We're not a couple. We're definately not a couple.
We're not gonna have this conversation again... Look at this place. Why am I so intimidated by this guy? Pretentious art, this huge macho couch. When we know all he does is sit around all day crying about losing Monica to a real man! (laughs) You don't think he's here, do you? (Joey looks around)
(Chandler looks around the place and his eye gets caught by Richard's video collection) Look at these videos. You know, I mean, who does he think he is? Magnum Force, Dirty Harry, Cool Hand Luke... Oh my God!
There's a tape here with Monica's name on it.
Get there faster! (Joey gasps and finally understands...)
I'm not gonna watch it... I don't NEED to watch it... I mean, what good could possibly come from watching? (sighs) Well, we know I'm gonna watch it. (Chandler moves to put the tape in the VCR and Joey enters the apartment)
Don't judge me, I'm only human!
I had to! Okay, imagine you were married... and you found a tape of your wife in another guys' apartment... Wouldn't you need to know what was on it?
Some girl...!?
Yeah...!?
Allright, I'm gonna watch it... I mean look, it's probably not even what I think it is... And even if it is... It can't possibly be as bad as what I'm picturing in my head... (laughs nervously) Can it?
Then you're gonna have to watch it for me.
Just for a few seconds, so I can know what it is... Please?
Why am I hearing cheering?
Football? Just football?
It's football... It's just football... This is great! This is the first time I've ever enjoyed football... It may be customary to get a beer... (Chandler walks to the fridge, his back turned to the TV and a moaning sound replaces the cheering of the crowd... Joey's eyes double in size...) What the... (Chandler turns around, but Joey already took a sprint for Chandler, jumps, and floors Chandler in the open space in front of the apartment door...) What are you doing?
Whoho ho... Listen to the judgement from the porn star!
Because that's who I am, okay? I'm sure a mature man like Richard could see a tape like that and it wouldn't bother him. Just'd be another saucy anecdote for him to share at his men's club over brandy and moustaches.
This is about you and Richard. He's clearly not over you. He keeps a tape so he can... look at it whenever he wants.
Oh, yeah, well, poor Richard. Y'... I can grow a moustache!
Yeah, oh, but I just keep picturing you rolling around with him with your cowboy boots in the air...
Oh, good, good. Play more, 'cause I wanna see how it ends.
What...? That's not you! Life is good again! Ride 'em cowgirl!
Is that a problem?
