Yeah. Hey, here's an idea, why don't we use our wedding china today?
Honey, she keeps canceling on us, take the hint.
What is the point of having them if we never use them?
I will explain it to her.
Muskogee! That's like four hours from Tulsa. Woo hoo! TV announcer: And heres the float with the stars of the popular daytime soap Days of Our Lives .
Aren't you one of the stars of the popular daytime soap Days of Our Lives?
What are you going to do?
Well you proved them wrong.
I'll tell you what, for the rest of our lives, I'll be careful until told otherwise. <looks at china> hey wait a minute this isn't the china we picked out..
Why?
Oh suddenly, flowers are feminine? < Phoebe comes in>
I can't believe you'd want us to raise Emma.
You know, guys I got to say. This means so much to me. That you would trust me with your child. I mean, we all know that Monica and I have been trying to have a baby of our own. You know I've had my doubts about my skills as a father, but that you two.. that you two.... <starts to cry>
No, if crazy plate lad.. <sees Monica frustrated at this comment> If Monica dies then I would get Emma, Right?
Actually what?
What?
So if Monica's not around, then I'm not good enough to raise Emma?
Well what is wrong with me? Am I .. am I incomptent? Because I managed to survive whatever it is that killed the three of you!
Look, I may not know a lot about babies, but do you really think I'm not capable?
Ok. So if we both had Emma and I die <knocks on table> she'd have to give her up.
So.. let me get this straight. So my two friends die, I get Emma. Then my wife dies, then Emma the one tiny ray of hope left in my life gets taken away from me?
Oh? Did somebody miss me? Is there a child to raise poorly?
Yeah but they're right. I mean, I'm not a strong father figure and I never will be.
Yeah, but its not who I am. Everything they said was exaclty why I was worried about having a kid. And its true. And look everybody knows it.
Oh yeah, well can you picture me saying "Go to your room! You're grounded"?
You said that to me last week.
Oh no thats okay, you're totally right. I don't know anything about disciplining a child. But it did hurt my feelings and I want you to know that when I die, you don't get Joey.
Alright! That is it. This is our apartment and you can not behave this way. Now if you can't act your age then you shouldn't be here at all. Now those plates may not be as nice as the pretty pink ones I picked out, but they're very important to Monica. I want you to apologize to her right now.
Okay. Thats better. Now I want you to both apologize to each other and mean it.
By the way, that fight was totally arousing.
Oh yeah? Well thanks.
Okay, but you should know he eats five times a day and shoves pennies up his nose.
Oh no no no.. I'll get her. I'm super-compentent and totally responsibile and fourth in line to raise Emma. I'll be right there Emma. Just let me get my trusty diaper bag here. <knocks over the box of china> Well.. what do you know? I guess, I'll be the one who dies first.
Nope...
Yep...
Nope... (Monica walks in) Hey... so I'm gonna... put the plates back. You know, I think you were right, I don't think we should use these plates again for a looong time.
Maybe not even then. (Joey walks in)
