(coming from the bedroom) Say goodbye elves, I'm off to Tulsa.
Yeah, we have all this paperwork that needs to be filed by the end of the year. If I don't get it done, I'll be fired.
So, who does?
I'm sorry, I won't be here.
Thanks. (they kiss) I'll see you New Year's Day.
Did I not mention that?
(thinks for a second, then waves his arms, exclaiming:) AND TO ALL A GOOD NIGHT! (and runs out of the apartment)
All right everybody, I know that it's Christmas Eve and you'd rather be with your families, but there's *no* call (he takes it off) for writing "Screw you, Mr. Bing!" on the back of my chair! (he looks at it) -- By the way, you can all call me Chandler.
Hey. Where've you been?
(to the others) You hear that? You may not be with your families, but at least it's gonna smell like ham in here.
Y'know what, I know what will cheer you guys up! (he starts spreading envelopes among them) I had a little talk with the boys in New York, told 'em about all the hard work you've been doing and that a little Christmas bonus may be in order.
Well, that's like money in your pocket! - Alright look, you want me to say it? This sucks. Being here sucks! This work sucks!
I'm sorry. Hey, at least you guys get to go home and be with your families tonight. I have to go back to an empty hotel room and lay down on a very questionable bedspread. And then tomorrow morning, you get to have Christmas morning in your own houses, wich, by the way, none of you have invited me to.
Haha, no thanks!
Oh, thanks! I'm... actually thinking about becoming a motivational speaker.
Typical Christmas-y stuff, you know? Our holidays are pretty traditional...
I can save you time ladies, I'm right here.
What? That's terrible!
Oh well, that, that makes it not terrible.
No not okay, you can't look for Monica's presents!
No, you don't have to, and you can't because I, I live here too.
Why?
No, I have a great idea for a present for her.
If I help, we can find 'em faster!
OK, Pheebs, your turn.
And, a lemon lime.
And last but not least.
(entering in a Santa costume) Ho, ho, ho! Merry Christmas!
Hey! (Grunts as Ben hits him at full speed.)
Well, I'm here to see my old buddy Ben. What are you doing here, weird...turtle-man?
What?
You called everyone and said you were having trouble finding a Santa costume, so I borrowed one from a guy at work!
Why?
But I didn't get to shake my belly like a bowl full of jelly.
Fine, I'll give the suit back.
Santa? Really?
Did your Dad ever dress up like Santa?
Then it's okaaay! (They kiss.)
You know what, everybody? Go home. You should be with your families. It's bad enough that we're working New Year's Eve.
Did I not tell *anyone* about New Year's Eve? -- Alright, look, go! Go home, okay? Merry Christmas! Go.
Good, God's speed, good people! (he starts to close the door, turns around and sees Wendy) You're not gonna go?
Ah. Thanks.
Ah. (The phone rings; he answers it) Chandler Bing.
Ahh, Merry Christmas; I miss you guys!
Ah, well no, it's just uh, me and Wendy.
It is. Did I... not tell you about her?
I sent them home.
Uhh, uh...
I don't know!
I don't think of her that way, you know, she's a, she's a colleague.
Oh, she's regional Vice President; She's... just below me.
BE-LOW me!
Well, she... she didn't win...
Well, second prettiest that year; I mean, of *all* the girls in Oklahoma, she's probably...
Honey, there's really nothing to worry about.
I'm serious!
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas, you guys!
(hanging up the phone) The wife says "Hi!".
Ah well, she's got this weird idea, that, uh, y'know, just because you and I are alone, that something is gonna happen.
This is probably the wrong thing to be worrying about, but... you're getting ham on my only tie.
Whoa-ho, back off, Missy! (He takes a step back, but she still keeps her grip on his tie.)
I don't know; I'm not used to girls making passes at me! ... (She lets go of his tie) Wait a minute... am I sexy in Oklahoma?
(flattered) No,... no... (realizing) NO! (He quickly gets several steps away from her.) Look, I'm, I'm married!
I'm *happily* married.
Right. So, I'm sorry...
Well look, it's not easy to spend this much time apart, you know. She's entitled to be a little paranoid... or, in this case: right on money! ... You know, she's amazing, and beautiful, and smart, and if she were here right now, ...she'd kick your ass. Look, you're a really nice person... ham stealing and adultery aside. But, what I have with my wife is pretty great, so nothing is ever gonna happen between us.
I mean, you were the most beautiful woman in the room tonight!
You kidding? You're the most beautiful woman in most rooms... (She jumps up and kisses him.) (Breaking the kiss.) Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What's going on? You and I just made out! You and I are making out?
But we don't do that.
How drunk are you?
(thinks) That's the perfect amount!
What?
I know.
Well, I have kissed over four women. (They kiss again.) Do you wanna get under the covers?
Okay!
It bodes well for me that speed impresses you.
Yep!
Count of three?
Two!
Well I think it's safe to say that our friendship is effectively ruined.
Eh! (They start making out again)
So, are you really gonna go out with that nurse man?
Y'know, I don't know if you've ever looked up the term goofing around in the dictionary... Well, I have, and the technical definition is, two friends who care a lot about each other and have amazing sex and just wanna spend more time together. But if you have this new fangled dictionary that gets you made at me, then we have to, y'know, get you my original dictionary. I am *so* bad at this.
Really? Okay, so...
Y'know, I sensed that I should stop. So we're okay?
Right!
Okay, all right, all right, all right! Okay! (Picks up a blue sweater.) Okay, here's something, here's something blue and new.
Let's go! (Starts to leave.)
Oh, okay, I have condom in my wallet that I've had since I was twelve.
I don't think so.
(looks around) Here just...take this. (Hands her the sweater.)
No, we'll-we'll bring it back! Just put it under your dress.
Okay, one thing at a time. (They run out to get married.)
Ehh.
Look, I thought about it too, and I'm sorry. I think we should spend all of the money on the wedding.
Yeah, I'm putting my foot down. Yeah look, when I proposed I told you that I would do anything to make you happy, and if having the perfect wedding makes you happy, then, then that's what we're gonna do.
Eh, forget about the future and stuff! So we only have two kids, y'know? We'll pick our favorite and that one will get to go to college.
Yeah.
Uh, four, a boy, twin girls and another boy.
Well, stuff like where we'd live, y'know? Like a small place outside the city, where our kids could learn to ride their bikes and stuff. Y'know, we could have a cat that had a bell on its collar and we could hear it every time it ran through the little kitty door. Of course, we'd have an apartment over the garage where Joey could grow old.
Sure you do.
You sure?
I love you so much.
Hey!
I wanted to be with you. I missed you so much.
Monica.
I never want to leave you again!
Turns out they can't fire me. Because I quit.
Yeah! It's a stupid job, and I could not stand leaving you. And why should I be the only one who doesn't get to do what he *really* wants to do?
(realizing) I have *not* thought this through!
I know, I, I should have talked to you first about it.
Thanks!
(flattered) Ahh...
(to Monica) Here, pass these, will ya.. (points to the others)
I... thought it was a timely start to thinking about other people. Besides, this gift still says I love you guys.
I don't have a *job*!
Actuary... no. Book-keeper... no. Topless dancer... (he looks down on himself, checking, then nods satisfied and marks the offer with a pen) (to Monica:) Hey, d'you know what I just realized? You are the sole wage earner. *You* are the head of the household. I don't do anything - I'm a kept man!
