Hey! Ready to go?
What are you doin'?
Great, a faster way to tell people that I'm unemployed and childless .
The tall girl who wouldn't sleep with you?
Bet she'd sleep with you now...
Let me see what you wrote about yourself: "Doctor Paleontology, two kids... " (pause) You split with Carol because you have different interests?... I think you split with Carol because you've one very similar interest!
Maybe we finish this for him! (he sits down on the sofa and he start typing on Ross' computer) "Also I cloned a dinosaur in my lab. She's now my girlfriend. I don't care what society says. It's the best sex I've ever had"... aaand SEND!
Oh, I'm so sorry!
You're not gonna need my help?
Oh good, 'cause I've already thought of 3... 4! I've just thought of a fourth (he goes towards the counter)
I believe I read that somewhere!
I respectfully disagree.
Who cares? Nobody reads those things
I don't have a page.
Because I told everyone he slept with dinosaurs.
Would you get that please? People have been calling to congratulate me all day.
Hang up, hang up. And that was a great movie! (Monica hangs up) I'm so gonna get back at Ross... oh yeah, this will show him, here we go (starts typing something).
Oh, you'll see my friend.
(faking sympathy) And so young.
Well, how you died was funny.
It kills over one americans every year.
You wanna talk about people's feelings? You should have heard how hurt professor Stern was yesterday when I told him I wouldn't be able to go with him to Key West!
Hey, Ross, I just wanted to apologize... (looks at laptop screen)..don't tell me you actually made those gay pictures of me?
Huh! So that's what I would look like if I worked out... and was being serviced by a policeman. You're not actually going to send these out are ya?
No, come on, you know that's not true.
Well, the gay community is a lot more vocal than the dead community.
Alright look, let's think about this, ok, do you really think that people are gonna stir up your family at this tragic time? That people are gonna post condolences on a website? This is not about people not caring that you're dead .This is about people not having a decent outlet for their grief.
Right, I mean, come on, I'm sure that if you had a funeral or a memorial service, tons of people would come.
Ross, what're you... what're you... what are you doing? (looks at laptop screen)You're having a memorial service for yourself!?
Ross, don't press send, don't press se... !
There you go! Someone came!
(in a mournful voice) Please, come in.
Oh yes, yes... let me... take your coat.
At least he died doing what he loved... watching blimps (he goes in the bedroom)
Some guy, Tom Gordon.
(entering, very upset) Ok Tommy, that's enough mourning for you! Here we go, bye bye!! (he shoves him out the door)
Ok! (shuts the door behind Tom)
Please, one ridiculous problem at a time!
You gave them one day's notice, not everyone in our class checks the web site everyday and Monica... it's probably the way you stand!
Oh, that's not true. You had an impact on me, I mean, it's 15 years later and we're still best friends. Doesn't that count for something?
I'm sure it's somebody for you. Now, go hide. (Ross hides in the bedroom again)
Kori? Kori Weston?
Wow! You look amazing!
Chandler, Chandler Bing. I'm not gay, I'm not gay at all.
Don't listen to him, he's in a really bad mood! (lets her in)
I didn't know Ross and you were so close.
I'm sure that would mean a lot to him. And if heaven has a door, I'm sure he's pressing his ear up against it and listening intently.
