Yeah, because if I was at my old job we'd say 300 million? No thank you!
Still on Amelia Earhart?
Yes but there's six of us so we'd only have to get struck by lightning 7 times.
(looking around at the others)I'll ask. (To Ross) Boohaki?
Kinda like Joey.
Pie eating contest?
No, I saw a picture of you covered in blueberries.
(hysterical)Don't touch the phone! I'll get it, I'll get it, I'll get it!! (picks up the phone)
(into receiver)Hello? Hey Charlie, what do you know?
(still on the phone)Damnit. Alright call me when you know more.
One of the slots got filled.
Sense the tone! No that kid Nate got it.
Yeah I know.
Yeah...I mean I want this so much! I mean, I wanna get one, I want my friend Charlie to get one...Except I don't care about Charlie.
Please, just do it!
I can see the headline now: "Lottery winners' friend filled with regret eats own arm".
Well you wouldn't, but we own the paper, we can print whatever we want.
Ok, so now that you're in, what are you gonna do if we win?
Ooh! Calm down ...
You know, I'm not sure a sports team is the way to go.
You're right, it has been you dream for over 15 seconds.
(looks around) I'll take this one too (to Ross) Uh ... Mommy?
Hello? Hello? Oh, hey Charlie. Did anybody else hear? ... What? Susan got it?? How? Oh man, I would have slept with him!! .. Alright, bye. (hangs up)
Well no, Charlie's gonna get that.
He's the boss's son.
What about the ones you have on the nightstand?
Yes there are, I just saw them a few minutes ago.
Honey, there are like 20 tickets on the nightstand!
(to Mon) She's right, you shouldn't have bought tickets just for us ...
Let me finish ... (to everyone else) however, it doesn't look like I'm gonna get this job so I can't afford to have principles, so screw you, the tickets are ours!! (takes tickets from Rachel)
Oh, yeah! Thanks for inventing the lottery!
Can I come a little bit closer, valuable things are getting squished...
(looking at the answering machine) Hey, there's two messages. These could be from work!
Ok, here we go! (he pushes the play button)
This is..shhh!
Oh, is she related to Ralph Lauren?
Yeah, you know, I really thought I deserved it. (pause) But... let's go win the lottery... I mean, we still have 130 chances to win, right?
I got that!
No.
Ah, the "I'm sorry I rejected you" phone call. I'm not used to getting it from guys. (on the phone, getting up from the sofa) Hey, Steve.
Oh no no no no, I'd love to be somebody's assistant! Answering phones, getting coffee, I live for that stuff! And I'm not too mature... farts, boobies, butt cracks!
Me, that guy who just said butt cracks?
Ok well, thanks, you won't regret it. I'll see you tomorrow (hangs up).
What? (pause) Oh, yeah, I'm gonna be a junior copywriter.
Does that mean I get the good loving tonight?
Thanks, man.
Really? What?
(smiling, surprised) Oh yeah? (looks towards the kitchen, worried) Listen, don't tell Monica, she'll rip your heart right out.
Wow, you'd think we should get that over 20 years or go for the big payout.
Me too.
