(looking at the picture of the female reproductive system) Wow! Fortunately she has a very pretty face!
Oh, I can't believe my sperm have low motility because, let me tell you, when I was growing up they sure seem to be in a hurry to get places!!
Hi.
Oh, DAMN IT!
Is that a hint? Because we love you Doctor Connelly but we don't think we'd want you to be our child! (Dr. Connelly glares at him) Wow, talking about an inhospitable environment!
(entering) Hey guys!
I think I can safely say that we all have family issues, work stuff and/or are sick.
But you come first!
(sitting down on the couch) Ok.
Not as much fun as last time. Apparently you only get porn if you're giving a sperm sample.
Well... there's surrogacy, but Monica has dreamt her whole life of carrying a child, she has felt that watching a surrogate would be... too hard for her.
Yeah.
Aside from adoption the only other choice is insemination, so... we're talking about sperm donors.
(stopping Joey) ah-ha!
I wish there was an easier way for us to have a child but I don't think there is one.
Hey! Look I brought a friend for dinner, this is Zack, from work!
You guys haven't actually met before, but, boy! You're both polite! (pause) Go to have a seat Zack, and I'll get you a beer.
(to Mon) So, Zack's pretty nice, uh?
So, how would you like to have a baby that's half yours and half his!
Well, we're talking about sperm donors and Zack may be the guy! I mean, look, he's intelligent, he's healthy, he's athletic, I mean, he is "spermtastic"!
No, I invited him to dinner so you could get a chance to get to know him! I mean, if we go through a sperm bank you never meet the guy, get to check him out.
I'm telling you, he's great! I mean, even if my sperm worked fine, I'd think he'd be the way to go!
Ok!
(bringing the beer to Zack) Zack!
So what do you think? I want that guys genes for my kid! Those eyes, those cheeckbones!
You don't like him.
Alright! Just follow my lead!
Oh! Thanks, I'm crazy about our place. Hey! speaking of crazy... do you have a history of mental illness in the family?
(very seriously) That's really not the kind of thing we are looking for Zack.
You know what's not funny? Male Pattern Baldness (Monica stretches her neck to look behind Zack's head and then gives Chandler an "ok" sign)
Sure! Alright...
I noticed you were enjoying that Ravioli with a beautiful set of teeth. Did you have braces as a child?
(Proceeding with his dinner) We're teeth people Zack!
You sure you don't wanna stick around a little longer?
Are you just tired now or are you always tired, 'cause that could be a sign of clinical depression.
Ok.
I think we've found our sperm!
Yeah, you think so, well? Should I ask him?
Why not, just because his great-grandmother was obese, our kids are gonna get that from you anyway!
Yeah, he's better!
Really? Are you sure?
(sighs with relief) Thank God, because I don't wanna do this either. You know, I was just doing because I thought that was what you wanted to do. You know, I'm the husband, I'm supposed to... bring the sperm.
So you know this leaves us with...
How do you feel about that?
Me too. I wanna find a baby that needs a home and I wanna raise it with you. And I wanna mess it up in our own specific way.
(smiling) Yeah.
We are gonna be great parents.
Wait, if we're lucky, and we're really really really quiet, we may be able to hear the sound of a condom breaking!
Hey, Zack!
Look, I just wanted to apologize for last night. I got the feeling we made you a little uncomfortable.
Really?
My wife and I have some boundary issues, you know, sometimes we ask inappropriate questions. We're working on it.
You wouldn't know if Jeanette's planning on keeping her baby, would ya?
