Yeah Ross, I mean... we're excited to hear the speech but the rest of the time we're gonna wanna do, you know, "island's stuff".
Yeah, that's the same as "it has something to do with wind".
(upset) She does?
I wouldn't read too much into it.
David, let me stop you there 'cause I think I see where this is going. I'm not very good at giving advice. So if you want advice, go to Ross, Monica, or... Joey, if the thing you wanna advice about is pizza toppings or burning sensation when you pee.
Seriously, we're gonna do this?
Oh, because his penis was too big. (he notices that David is not amused) Oh, I'm sorry, that's the kind of thing I do. (pause) They broke up because Mike didn't want to get married. Hey, what if you just let Phoebe know you'd be open to marriage?
What?
I didn't mean now...
Well, you're welcome! Glad I could help.
David, I'm pretending to read here!!
(smiling cheekily) I do! Want a hint? huh? "I do" (Monica looks confused, so Chandler repeats) "I do".
David is going to propose to Phoebe.
Be-cause, we were talking about ways that he could beat Mike and I told him that Phoebe wanted to get married.
I did! A penis one! Look, just so I know, what was so wrong about what I said?
Man, that's some bad advice!
That's why our honeymoon photos look like me and Diana Ross!
Tonight?! (looks at the ring) Isn't an engagement ring supposed to have a diamond? (squints at the ring to emphasize how tiny the diamond is) Oh, there it is!
(slaps him on the shoulder) Nice! (goes to Monica)
Monica, can I talk to you for a sec? (Pulls her away from Phoebe and Rachel)
David is going to propose to Phoebe tonight!
That would be advice!!
Oh, is it on the computer, cuz I'd love to give it a read...?
(offended) What? (pause) May I?
(at the laptop) Oh, no, no, no dear God, no!
Your computer, I don't know wha... everything's gone!
It must be a virus. I think it erased your hard drive.
Someone I don't know sent me an e-mail and I opened it.
Well, it didn't say "This is a virus"!!
Nude... (Ross looks at him)... pictures of Anna Kournikova. I'm so sorry.
It's not gone! I mean, I'm sure you printed out a copy. You have a hard copy, right?
Well, you must be pretty mad at yourself right now...!
I just feel awful.
Well, I tried Billy Jean King, but... (Ross glares at him) you know, you and Monica have the same "I'm gonna kill you" look...? I can usually make it go away by kissing her... (Ross continues to glare at him and Chandler leans in as if he's going to kiss Ross)
(pretending not to sense the tone) Oooh! I hope you're happy too, honey!
Phoebe is going to say "yes"? That's, that's great!
And there's not chance that will work?
(pointing at her) Oooooooh! Meddler! Meddler!
This vacation sucks!!
You know, it's very hard to take you seriously when you look like that.
I think we have some time. Have you ever heard him talk? (doing David) "Uh, Phoebe, uh, I would be honoured, uh..." Spit it out, David!
I wouldn't brag too much about that thing, big guy.
Oh, ain't this nice? It's so quiet, I could just lie here all day.
I'm so glad we've got adjoining rooms!
Hey! Remember when I had corneas?
Ladies? Ross's speech is in 45 minutes.
(to a paleontologist sitting next to him) Not to mention the cold sores.
(to the one sitting next to him) Really?
I don't think so!
Because you know how competitive you get and well, I say it's cute, others disagree, and I'm lying!
Oh, yeah? What happened when we played last time?
And...?
I'm not playing with you.
She gets crazy! This scar (points to his forehead) is from Pictionary!
(nearly whispering) Oh dear God, there's two of them!
(to Phoebe) Did you know this about him?
(interrupting her) OK!
Honey, try to focus the trash talk on him!
(to Phoebe) Do you really find this attractive on him?
I think this is the first time in our marriage that I've felt like the more attractive one.
Okay-dokay, you've each won a game and I've lost what's felt like a year of my life. So everybody goes home a winner.
Should I use my invisibility to fight crime or for evil?
(exhausted) Ok, look! Enough is enough!
Monica, that was also true an hour ago! I mean, please, look at you! Your hand is blistered, you can barely stand, your hair is inexplicable! Ok, you've already proven you are just as good as he is, now we've missed our dinner reservations, so now let's just go upstairs, order room service, take a shower and shave your head!
But...
What about the obsessive cleaning?
You ok?
No, you didn't.
Because I'm gonna play for ya.
(In a loving voice) Yes, I do. Now, I may not understand why you have to win so badly, but if it's important to you then it's important to me, because I love you.
(Still in a loving voice) You're welcome, sweetheart.
All right Mike, let's get this over with. Sudden death. Whoever wins this point, wins.
And that's... how... it's done!
I never sucked, I actually didn't want you to know how good I was!
I don't know.
That's why!
