(entering, happily, with a bottle of champagne, thinking that Monica is the only one there) Ha-ha-ha-(sees everyone)-enh-enh. I'm so glad you guys are all here! My office finally got wrinkle free fax paper!
Oh no-no-no-no-no-no, vomit tux! No-no, vomit tux!
Well y'know a lot of those Muppets don't have thumbs.
Uhh, yeah. She uh, she uh, she uh might've mentioned him.
Yeah, I don't think he's up to meeting everyone yet.
Really?! That's what you heard? (To Monica) You said that?
Because I'm very happy for him! (To Monica) And you, you lucky dog!
Yes!
(entering) Hey, Monica? Can I ask you a cooking question?
If you're cooking on the stove, does that mean that your new secret boyfriend is better in bed than Richard?
Why?! I mean if this guy was me and it was me who had learned that it was me who was the best you'd ever had, I'd be going like this. (He jumps up onto the table and starts doing his happy dance.)
Yes!
Well, you can't just not see Rachel anymore, she's one of your best friends.
That's true!
That's true!
Hey, there he is! There he is!
How many times have I told you guys, you never watch the cooking channel!
Hey!
Oh that was yours? Uh, yeah, we used it when the duck was throwing up caterpillars.
Expect it in 4-6 weeks. (She starts to leave.) Umm, hey, umm, Joey's gonna be at the telethon for the rest of the day, we have the whole place to ourselves.
Well I just, thought maybe you'd wanna book some time with the best you'd ever had.
Why?
What's your point?
(entering) Look, maybe I got carried away before. But there's something you gotta know. If I'm the best, it's only because you've made me the best.
I mean I was nothing before you. Call the other girls and ask. Which wouldn't take long. But when I'm with you, and we're together, OHMYGOD.
Oh-aw my God! Now, I understand if you never want to sleep with me again, but that would be wrong. We're too good! We owe it, to sex!
Well, I was kinda hoping we could do this without him. (She starts to take off her latex gloves.) Oh no-no-no, leave the gloves on.
Yeah, why don't we lose the gloves.
All right, let's show them how it's done.
Y'know that wasn't part of it?
Nope.
