Sorry man.
Did they teach you that in your anger management class?
Oh, we had a lot of liquor left over from the Christmas party.
I know, I can do this. (He takes her hand.)
I asked myself that very question, sir. Uh, (Points to Monica) this is Monica. (Points to his boss.) This is my boss, Doug. Doug this is Monica.
No, sir.
What?
Oh, that was my work laugh.
Oh, believe me, to survive this party, you're gonna have to come up with one too.
Okay.
Hey! Everybody at work loved you last night!
And! They like me more just because I was with ya! I think you repaired a lot of the damage from when they met Joey. And Doug wants us to play tennis with them. He's never even talked to me outside of work. Except for that time when we bumped into each other at that strip club. (She glares at him.) Strip church. Anyway, I'm gonna go try and find a racquet.
Oh I used too, but then Joey thought it would be fun to go to Central Park and hit rocks at…bigger rocks. (He starts to leave and stops an entering Rachel.) Hey Rach, do you have a tennis racquet?
Okay, good luck with that. (Exits.)
Okay, easy Martina. I think we should let them win the next game.
Let them win one.
You're not even giving them a chance!
Oh yes, sir! Put me out of my misery. Are you sure you never played pro? (Does his work laugh.) (To Monica) Please let them win!
Oopsey, missed it!
Long! (Gives Monica the Work Laugh.)
Yeah, at least you hid your feelings well about it. (Removes a smashed racquet from his bag.)
It was my racquet.
If we hadn't lost the game they never would've invented us to dinner tomorrow night.
Okay y'know what, because you said that, I'm not putting out tonight.
Just a little bit of sugar.
Oh, you get used to it.
So I laugh at my boss's jokes, what's the big deal?
Oh. (Does a double take when he realizes what she just said.)
What?
Well, I-I just didn't think it was funny sir.
Well, I just…
Really?
I think I do! (They all laugh.) Thank you, Monica.
Coffee in a fight! (Does the laugh again.)
(from his bedroom) All right, so you're telling me that I have to tell racist jokes now?!
But we're not ready to tell yet!
Man, she is really gullible.
Okay.
Why would I be mad?
(realizes what Ross just said and the implications to him) I am mad! But you know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna forgive you! Because that's what friends do! They forgive their friends when they do everything you just said, all on the list there. Well, but I want you to remember that I forgave you.
I also want you to remember that I let you live here rent free!
And, I want you to remember that I gave you twenty (counts his money) seven dollars. No strings attached. Now, if you can't remember that, I think we should write it down—let's write it down!
