(To Monica) Wow! Listen, we had a good run. What was it? Four? Five months? I mean, that's more than most people have in a lifetime! So, good-bye, take care, bye-bye then! (He kisses her and starts to climb out the balcony window.)
Oh, I'm going on the lamb.
Well, I think, I think Ross knows about me and Monica.
Look, we're not just messing around! I love her. Okay, I'm in love with her.
(interrupting) Whoa-whoa-whoa! We're having kids?!
Yeah, big zero gravity moon steps.
Hey listen, come on, Joey is having a problem! A little girl is beating him up.
(To Rachel) Sounds like a fun party.
Very, very funny, but don't say things like that in front of Monica. I don't want you putting any ideas in her head.
Wh-wh-why?!
Yeah, so, what's that supposed to mean?!
I don't see it that way. Okay? Because, I see two Monicas, the one that was my friend, who lived across the hall, and wanted to have a lot of babies and then the new Monica, who I just started to date. Now, who's to say what she wants?! I’m right. I'm right. Am I right?
Okay. It's not different at all, is it?
Hmm.
Yeah, here, somewhere else, y'know where-where ever. (Gets up.)
Yeah, I'm cool. Casual.
I'm just hanging out. Y'know, having fun. Y'know with the girl that I'm seeing casually.
What?!
Well, you do want all that stuff, right?
Yes! You want babies! You have baby fever!
Oh please, you are obsessed with babies and-and marriage and everything that's related to babies and-and marriage! I've got an idea, why don't we turn down the heat on this pressure cooker?!
Nah-uh! I know you! Okay? I know the thoughts that you have in the head--in your head!
Well, I did not know that.
It's gonna be okay, right? I mean she's not gonna leave me? This is, this is fixable.
By me?
Monica. (Goes to talk to her.)
Just tell me what I need to do to make things right.
Well, that's what we do. Y'know, I-I mess up and then you tell me how to fix it and then I do and then y'know you think I'm all cute again.
Where's Monica?! Where is she? I need to talk to her! It's urgent! Is she here?
I need to talk to you, it's urgent!
Okay, I've been doing a lot of thinking about us, y'know a lot of uhh, us thinking. And uh, well I guess there's only one-one way to do this. (He slowly and awkwardly gets down on one knee.)
(getting out a ring box) Monica…
Will you marry me?
I don't know. But I know I'm not afraid to do this.
I'm doing this because I'm sorry?
No, the best reason to get married is pregnancy. Sorry is pretty much fourth y'know, behind being ready and actually wanting to get married. (Laughs.) Will you be my wife?
Yeah, I'm kinda wishing everyone wasn't here right now.
Yeah I know, but I was really confused and then I talked to these guys. (Turns to look at Ross and Joey.)
I didn't think I was!
Well I would've been happy because I would've be able to spend the rest of my life with the woman that I love. Or, you would've seen a Chandler shaped hole in that door. (Points at the door.)
Okay, how long is this going to go on.
That's not funny.
