Hey!
Monica and I are celebrating our ten-month anniversary, we've got reservations at Ja George.
Made a few calls, pulled some strings, and they agreed to seat us at 11:30 if we both had the chicken and didn't get desert.
Hey Caitlin! Somebody got a haircut.
Yeah, if that was true, gym class would've been a lot more interesting.
Oh, okay. (Hands her the money.) Here you go.
Oh, he's in the back. The duck pissed him off, said that eggs came first.
Okay, bye!
What?
I was not flirting.
Okay first of all, the impression, uncanny. And second, that was not flirting, that was just casual conversation between two people. That is all.
You wanna see flirting? I'll show you flirting. (Starts to move towards Ross.)
I was not flirting.
I was not and oh God, shh!
Is that what this is about? You like Caitlin?
So, Joey on Law & Order, you must be very proud!
I'm sorry, I thought you were Joey's other grandmother. (She just stares at him.) I've done it again.
Happy Anniversary, 10 months! (They kiss.)
Uhh, Joey's grandmother is right there. (Points)
The one that doesn't.
Hey, why don't you wear those earrings I gave you?
Okay.
If you said, "Big lima bean, bubbling up." Would she understand the difference?
Here you go. (Hands her the money.) Now stop bringing us pizzas you.
You're welcome.
What?
Thank you for that! (To Monica) I was not flirting.
Really?!
(starts to laugh, but then gets serious) So umm, you-you flirt with guys all the time?
Okay, but there is a big difference. You are a lot hotter than I am.
Yes, it does bother me! And I think it would bother a lot of people. Rachel, when you were going out with Ross, did it bother you when he flirted with other women?
(smiling) Well, what is it?
(smiling) If we keep talking this way, aren't we gonna freak her out soon?
Doesn't know, "Hello." But she knows Capricorn One.
So uh Monica, do you, do you like the Law & Order?
See, I'm finding out all this stuff about you today, like you like the Law & Order and that you flirted with every guy in the Tri-State area!
Oh, I'm so glad we cleared that up. Look, I'm sorry, some things are different for men and for women.
Okay, I've already taught you so much already, but whatever. See when you flirt with a guy you think, "I'm just flirting, no big deal." But the guy is thinking, "Finally! Somebody who wants to sleep with me!"
It's true.
Again true.
All guys that are awake. Then we go to sleep and then all the guys from the other end of the world wake up and behave the exact same way.
Uh, Joey is gonna be right back. Right back! (Tries to pantomime it for her.) Meanwhile, let's-let's-let's talk about you. (Pause.) So, you're old and small.
Okay, hold on. (Pauses as he readies himself.) Okay. (Walks away.)
(To Monica) If this is the way all the Gellers flirt, we don't have a problem.
Oh the humanity.
More so than anything else.
Almost over man.
Why am I looking?
You couldn't have at least changed your shirt.
(singing) Ground control to Major Tom! Commencing countdownengineson!
(To Monica) Hey!
You ready?
You look amazing. I'm the luckiest man in the world.
Let me see the earrings.
(looking at them) They look great! Does your boyfriend have the best taste or what?
(To Ross) Thanks for picking out the earrings man.
