Hey.
I broke up with her.
They were huge. When she sneezed, bats flew out of them.
I'm tellin' you, she leaned back, I could see her brain.
You or me?
Maureen Rosilla.
Ok, Janice. Janice. You gotta give me Janice. That wasn't about being picky.
Ok, Phoebe.
Uh-Oh. It's Isaac Newton, and he's pissed.
Actually, I think this apartment sullies the good name of crap
Hey, look at this. "My Big Book of Grievances."
April 18th, excessive noise. Italian guy's gay roommate comes home with the dry-cleaning. Well that's excellent.
Wow, he looks so normal.
Funniest? Heckles?
Wow, Heckles was voted class clown, and so was I. He was right. Would you listen to that?
Whoa!
Heckles played clarinet in band, and I played clarinet. And he was in the scale modeler's club, and I was, well, there was no club, but I sure thought they were cool.
I just think it's weird, you know? Heckles and me, Heckles, and me, me and Heckles...Would you knock it off?
Look at this. Pictures of all the women that Heckles went out with. Look what he wrote on them. Vivian, too tall. Madge, big gums. Too loud, too smart, makes noise when she eats. This is, this is me. This is what I do. I'm gonna end up alone, just like he did.
Our trains are on the same track, ok? Yeah, sure, I'm coming up 30 years behind him, but the stops are all the same. Bitter Town. Aloneville. Hermit Junction.
What if I never find someone? Or worse, what if I've found her, but I dumped her because she pronounced it "supposably"?
How do you know that? How?
You'll see, you guys are all gonna go off and get married, and I'm gonna end up alone. Will you promise me something? When you're married, will you invite me over for holidays?
Yeah, I understand.
You know what? I'm not gonna end up like this. I'll see you man.
(on phone) Hi, it's me.
Yes, Janice. Why is that so difficult for you to comprehend?
Yes. She was smart, she was pretty, and she honestly cared about me. Janice is my last chance to have somebody.
Oh, my, god!
Janice, you're--
Is it--?
Congratulations.
You couldn't have told me about this on the phone?
Neat. I'm gonna die alone.
Janice was my safety net, ok? And now I have to get a snake.
If I'm gonna be an old, lonely man, I'm gonna need a thing, you know, a hook, like that guy on the subway who eats his own face. So I figure I'll be Crazy Man with a Snake, y=know. Crazy Snake Man. And I'll get more snakes, call them my babies, kids will walk past my place, they will run. "Run away from Crazy Snake Man," they'll shout!
Of course I am. I reject anyone who's crazy enough to actually go out with me, and then I bitch about the fact that there aren't any great women out there.
In a bad way?
Whoa! Don't know about that.
Hey. Well, you will all be pleased to know that I have a date tomorrow night. This woman, Alison, from work. She's great. She's pretty, she's smart. And uh, I've been holding off on asking her out in the past, because she has an unusually large head. But, I'm not gonna let that stuff hang me up anymore. Look at me. I'm growing.
I'll take that.
Yeah, yeah. Some people said some nice things about him. I think somebody should have it.
Takin' that with you, huh?
Yeah, jus' second. Good-bye Mr. Heckles. We'll try to keep it down.
Sure. (My god, that's a big head! It didn't look this big in the office. Maybe it's the lighting. My head must look like a golf ball at work. All right, don't get hung up on it, quick, quick, list five things you like about her: Nice smile, good dresser...Big head, big head, big head!)
