(Enters) Hey you guys I’m gonna take off. I just wanted to let you guys know, say goodbye.
(He looks around the room) This isn’t the right room, sorry folks. (leaves)
Why’re you so tired?
You know what you should’ve done, you should have told yourself that little story.
Hey so where’s Ross?
Is he still mad at us?
That’s not fair! I can’t do that.
See this is what I was afraid of, I didn’t think I should be here either but somebody (Looks at Chandler) said he’d be over it by now.
(entering) Hey. (Ross turns to see who it is, and seeing it’s Joey he just ignores him and turns back around.) Ross, I know you’re pissed at me, but we have to talk about this.
Fine, fine okay. But I gotta say technically, I didn’t even do anything wrong.
I said I didn’t technically.
Look, can I just stop you right there for a second? When people do this (Makes quote marks with his fingers.) I don’t really know what that means. (Ross just looks at him) You were saying?
I know I should’ve. (Makes quote marks again.) "I’m sorry."
No, come on Ross! (He grabs his bag so he can’t leave) Look, Ross, we have to get past this.
No, look, I don’t know what else to do. I said I’m sorry!
You should scream at me, or-or-or curse me, or hit me.
Why not? You’ll feel better! I’ll feel better, and you know you want to. I can see it in your eyes.
A little bit.
Little bit.
(excited) A little bit more.
No, hit me
Hit me.
Hit me!
(interrupting) Hit me, hit me.
(shouts) Hit me! Hit me!
I’m sorry! It was a reflex!
I couldn’t help it! When a fist comes at your face, you duck! Look! (He goes to punch Ross, expecting him to duck, but he doesn’t and Joey punches Ross. Gunther is amused.)
You were supposed to duck!!! Why didn’t you duck?
Good, good yeah, (Grabs the bags) maybe while we’re there, they can check your reflexes. (Joey opens the door and it hits Ross in the face with it.) (Makes quote marks.) "Oops."
Hey, so how is it?
Your thumb? That’s weird. (Makes a fist.) You sure you’re punching right? Make a fist. (Ross just looks at him with his thumb in a cast.) Maybe later. Ross I feel terrible.
You, you want me to help you with that?
Name? (Ross looks at him.) I know Ross but what’s it short for? You know like, like Rossel or Rosstepher.
It’s pretty, Okay date of birth?
Sure, May...tember.
Occupation? Dinosaurs.
Alright, who do you want as your emergency contact?
Okay, relationship, boy this could take a while.
Come on, you guys are more then that! I mean, you’re gonna get together right?
But you two were supposed to be together.
Come on, Ross, that didn’t mean anything! She just had the baby, she was all freaked out about doing it alone, she would have said yes to anybody.
So?
Wow.
Really?
And you’re Okay with that?
Hey, for what it’s worth, with Rachel I don’t think you’ll ever be just (Makes quote marks.) "anybody."
(makes quote marks) "Thanks."
You know, ah, I’ve been thinking about this and I gotta tell ya, it’s not my fault. It’s a natural instinct.
Hey OK great, what would you do if I did this? (Swings to punch Chandler, he moves and he ends up punching Ross, knocking him off the stool. Ross then gets up and just stares at Joey.)
