Hey, this girl won't turn around and I can't tell whether she's hot or not, what do you think?
Alright thanks, Oh hey have you talked to Chandler?
how come?
oh why don't you fly out there and surprise him.
oh and you know what you should bring the black see-through teddy with the attached garters. (Nods)
didn't till just now.
hot not hot (she turns around) Hot!
I said I think you're hot and now I'm embarrassed.
that would've been better, I'll try that Hi I'm Joey.
look I don't usually ask out women that I meet in coffeehouses
(turns round) gesundheit
really, great, did I actually ask you?
(turns round again) seriously Gunther you should see someone about that cold, if it gets much worse you could DIE! (Gunther looks scared)
yeah and hey thanks again for letting me having that last piece of cake at the restaurant.
do you have any cake?
(bends down to see and the cactus pricks him in the ass) AWCH! That's why.
(enters) Hey
listen to this... I went out with this girl last night and half way through our date I realized I already slept with her.
well that's not even the weird part. I don't think she remembered sleeping with me.
yeah but she should remember sleeping with me I am very memorable, you guys know.
and who's fault is that.
HEY! I never have an off night ok although sometimes when I'm a little bloated I don't feel very sexy BUT EVEN THEN I'M BETTER THEN MOST!
Interesting. all right I'll go out with her again and try to get past it (reaches for the chips) OH SALT BLOATY!
What?
No. (Pause) wait a minute what was the little mermaid?
Uh huh, sure, yeah. How can you not remember me?
How could you not remember that we slept together?
I dunno!
come on, come on, search your brain all right. it was (thinks) a certain amount of time ago, I was here you were here, we had sex (starts pointing out the places) here, here, here NOT there. Anything?
my god woman! How many people do you have to had been with not to remember any of this?
Ooooooooooh, I slept with you! And you obviously remember me Hey! I still got it. (Turns back to Hayley) so were good. (She just glares at him) I'll let myself out.
(looks at a girl walk in) see ordinarily I would talk to her, but my confidence is shaken did I sleep with her? Did I not sleep with her?
your right! I love my life! (He gets up to go and speak to the girl and he turns back and sits down) I actually did sleep with her.
