Hey... hey listen... What do you guys know about investments?
Well, I'm starting to make good money on the show and I'm thinking... I should probably do something with it.
Well, I just tape it to the back of my toilet tank. (realises that anyone could have overheard that) I didn't say that! It's in a bank guarded by robots!
Uh, yeah... This guy at work got me excited about going in on an emu farm. That'd be kinda cool huh? Pitchin' in on the weekends, helping to plant the emus...
(laughs) Yeah! Right! (points at Monica) People eat birds... Bird meat... Now do they just fly into your mouth or you go to... you go to a restaurant and you say: "Excuse me, I'll have a bucket of fried bird." (laughs again) Or... or maybe just a wing or... (realises...)
Real estate, huh? Hmmm...
Hi I'm Joey. This is Chandler.
Is there anything we should know about the apartment?
Well, you seem pretty insulted by that. What? I'm not good enough for you?
You know what it is? It's a nice place but I gotta see I don't know if I see myself living here. Oh, oh, oh, let me see... (Joey sits down on the couch, mimes opening a can and puts his hand down his pants) Yeah, I could see it.
What?
Ooh! A tape with a girls name on it. It's probably a sex tape... (realises) Wait a minute... This says Monica... (looks around) And this is Richard's apartment... (realises some more)
Hey dude, what's up?
Did you take that tape?
I don't know. Who'm I'm married to?
She hot?
How did she get me to settle down?
Guess I don't know. My experience: if a girl says yes to being taped... She doesn't say no to much else, I tell ya...
(backs off) What? Whoo... What?
All right, fine... But if I enjoy this, you have only yourself to blame... (Chandler turns his back to the TV. Joey puts the tape in the VCR, switches it on and watches what's on the tape... It's clearly a american football match, with the referee's whistle blowing, the crowds cheering...)
Well it's okay, its like... its just a football game.
Yeah, see... you were all worried for nothing.
You don't wanna see what I just saw! (at this moment Monica comes home, and sees Chandler flat on his back on the floor and Joey pinning him down)
(laughs) Monica, look... I don't think you and I have any secrets anymore... (Monica keeps looking at Joey) Not ready to joke about it yet, okay, I see you later. (Joey walks out)
