Hey. So where's Mon?
And you're not helping?
(start to sing) Hey! Happy birthday ...
Hi.
You damn right I am, I've been waiting for a cookie for 7 minutes.
Yeah, you too.
How do you think she's doing?
Man, I wish I had a nanny like you.
Sure.
Bye, Emma-Wemma-Demma.
Why not?
So, what, you think I'm just gonna sleep with her and never call her again and things are gonna get uncomfortable? (thinks about it) Yeah, sounds about right.
Oh, man, why did have to go and say that for? Now that you told me I can't have it makes me want her even more!
Yes!
Fine. (looks around, then focuses on Monica)
For a walk.
Actually, that will be long. You know, I really need to organize my thoughts.
Allright, fine, I only have one thought! It's about the hot nanny, I gotta see her!
Now YOU'RE telling me I can't see her?? You guys are killing me! She's forbidden fruit! It's like ... like she's the princess and I'm the stable boy ... Why are you doing this, huh? Did Ross tell you not to let me go over there?
Huh. Interesting. Now there are obstacles. Hot nanny and me against the world. This is the kind of stuff great novels are made of.
Fine ... mediocre porn
Hey Rach, so can I sing happy birthday to you now?
Oh ... (Starts to sing) Happy birth ... (sees Molly leaving) oh, see you later (runs after Molly)
So you see, Molly, what people don't understand is that acting is a discipline. It takes a lot of hard work.
Oh, I didn't go to college.
Molly ... people don't study acting ...
(upset) Will the stable boy never get the princess??
No ... the leather sticks to my ass. You know, this isn't fair. What makes you think that I'm just gonna sleep with her and then blow her off? Huh? Can't you guys open your minds to the possibility that I actally like her, and might want something real? (pause) Look, the truth is, I haven't felt this way about anyone since Rachel, ok? I didn't think I could ever love again.
Ok (admits)
It's like my favorite fairy tale come true! (Chandler looks at him) The princess, the stable boy and the lesbian!
