Monica, hey, can I borrow the Porsche?
Alright!
(abashed) A place to entertain my lady friends.
(even more abashed) A place to eat spaghetti.
Oh well, the powerball lottery is upto 300 million and they don't sell tickets here in New York, so...
(hesitates for a moment)Yeah Connecticut...Not West Virginia.
Uh!
Seriously, Ross, you don't want in on this?
I like those odds!
(who wasn't paying attention)What's that now?
(sounding panicky)Oh my god Ross! You don't have Emma! And Rachel you don't have Emma! (Starts yelling) Where's Emma? Who has Emma!?
(not yelling anymore)I was?
I did?
Oh yeah! The casserole lady.
Ooh! Tough odds!
(smiling)Look who's coming around!
(excited)Did you get it?
(Still excited)By you!?
I'll do it!! It'll get the casserole stink off of mine.
I can't tell you what I'm wishing for! Else...you know...won't come true!
Can't really say!
(slightly irritated)I'm not really comfortable with these questions!
I won, hey!
Seriously, that's your fantasy? To invest it?
Ooh, ooh, I know! We should pool all own money and buy the Knicks!
Oh, you will when I pick you as starting forward.
You're not gonna let me buy the Knicks?? I can't believe you're taking this away from me!
Dude, I'm sorry. But hey, there's one spot left, right?
I was with you the whole time we were in Connecticut, when did you even get those?
(to Ross) I'll show you how.
Yeah, I want my tickets too (takes the bowl from Rachel)! And I'm buying the Knicks! And Steffi Graff, ah ah!
Hey, if anybody gets extra tickets, it should be me! This all thing was my idea! (takes the bowl from Monica)
(in pain) Oh!
No, no! (they all go towards the balcony but they get jammed in the window)
(sitting on the sofa in front of the tv) Rach, come on! They are announcing the numbers! My God, I can already feel myself changing.
And what did she say?
(checking the last ticket) Damnit! anybody got anything?
(to Chandler) Hey, that is so great about the job.
And I like to think I had a little something to do with it.
Well, before, with the wishbone... I didn't wish we would win the lottery, I wished you'd get the job.
Oh yeah.
Me too.
(sitting in a chair) Hey guys, so I just called the Powerball hotline, can you believe it? Nobody won.
