(talking to a pineapple in his hand) God, you're beautiful...why are we fighting this?You know you want it to happen as much as I do.
I want you.I need you.Let me make love to you.
Oh, ehm...I'm...I'm rehearsing my lines.They gave me a big romantic story on Days Of Our Lives. It's the first time my character's got one. I'm so nervous, you know, I really want it to be good!
Yeah, that was a disappointment...(pause) Oh, hey!D'you want to come down to the set and tell me if I'm doing ok?
Yeah!Hey, you just have to promise not to get yourself thrown out again.
Right!(he starts to ape her)"Oh my God, is this the men's room? Oh, I feel so foolish, have you always known you wanted to be an actor?" (he inclines his head as if to look at a man's private parts)
I don't know, but one of the extras sure did! (pause) Hey, listen Rach. Thanks again for coming down to watch my scenes!
Also so gay!
Well, at the Christmas party him and Santa did some definitely gay stuff!
Oh, wish me luck!
Rach, I gotta say...if you weren't here wondering if these guys were gay I don't know if I could do this!
Stopping you from marrying the wrong man and making the biggest mistake of your life.
You don't love him!
I know what I felt that night when we kissed under the bridge.
Oh, what about this one.
Fine. I'll go. But let me ask you one question...
Can you really live the rest of your life never knowing what we could have been?
Yes, you do.Yes...you do. I'm the one who doesn't have a choice because I...because I can't stop loving you.
Tell me to stop, just...tell me to stop. (he's about to kiss her)
Hey!
Oh, you know, the writing was good, and the director is good, and... and my co-star's good but they're not as good as me!
Ow, I'm just going over the script now! You wanna read lines with me?
Oh, all right, I can ask Monica.
Right... (pause) ok, so just from the top of the page, right here.
I can't believe you married him.
So what about us? Everything we feel for each other.
How can I? Knowing I'll never hold you in my arms again, or touch your skin, or feel your lips, knowing I'll never make love to you? How can I accept that... I can never kiss you again when it's all I can do not to kiss you right now.
What?
Ah, Rach, it doesn't say that!
but, but..
Hey!
(Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all!
I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?
And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!
What?
Oh...I don't think it's going very well...
Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow...
A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia.
So...I've never played that!
Uh...well...just once...with you...
(looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about??
(approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me.
Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you.
(excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room)
