(enters the room) Hey, you guys, what are you doing tomorrow night?
Look, my agent hooked me up with six tickets to a great play.
It's a one-woman play called "Why don't you like me: a bitter woman's journey through life".
You guys are gonna have a great time, I promise!
I wish I could but I just found out that I have to be at work really early the next day, so I can't go, but, you know, take the extra ticket and invite whoever you want.
(lifts Rachel up and moves her behind him so she can walk on) Hey, here you go.
(entering the room) Hey!
What's happenin'?
Oh, I'd love to, but I gotta get up so early the next day and so, you know me, work comes first
(yelling) Stupid Jane Rogers!!
Kinda have a... a thing for the Days Of Our Life's people.
I do it every year.
I didn't have to tell you that!! I'm stupider than Jane Rogers!!
Yeah...
Yeah...
(Smiling) I can't believe you guys went for that one!
You're fine, ok? But everyone else acts like an idiot around famous people!
(speaking aloud) Please, I was trying to be nice, you're the worst one!
Ok, ok! Fine! You can come, but don't tell anybody else. It's up on the roof at 8.
(sounds tired) Hey you guys, I'm turning in. Have fun.
What party?
(looks perplexed and opens up his robe) Ok... I mean...
(to Charlie after covering himself up again) Nice to meet ya! (Charlie waves hesitantly and Joey leaves)
(To some people) Hey! Hey alright! Hey, glad you could make it (Shakes a man's hand) Thanks for coming.
Hey, that's why I didn't invite you. you have to calm down, alright... go, go get yourself a drink or something...
Hey Ross, this is one of my co-stars, Dirk. (To Dirk) Dirk, this is my good friend Ross. (Ross and Dirk shake hands)
It's a science.
Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or...
Monica!
(To Rachel) What have you got there?
Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty?
(browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different.
(discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass...
Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best.
That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight.
Me.
Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke!
Gotcha.
