Oh no-no-no, I’m, I’m paddling away!
Wow! Really?! We get all this rusty crap for free?!
Could we be more white trash?
Hey uh, Rach, funny story. I ah, bumped into Joanna on the street yesterday.
Well, no, actually she uh, asked me if I wanted to get a drink.
(laughs) No. No!
Well, not at first.
Well, I think I judged her too quickly, and this time we were able to take the relationship to the next level.
Oh, come on! It’s not like this is an everyday occurrence for me! I mean usually I’m pretty much just in there by myself.
Okay, I promise, I’ll end it.
I hope you know what I’m giving up for ya, because she’s not just the boss in your office, if you know what I mean.
Oh yeah, I totally agree.
…it was like the Algonquin kids table. (They all laugh, but Joey only laughs not to be left out.)
It just doesn’t…feel like we’re breaking up.
Okay.
Thanks.
Okay. (Starts to button up his shirt)
I’m getting dressed.
When I walk outside naked people throw garbage at me.
What is it?
Ah-ha, you’re not the boss of me. (She kisses him) Yeah, you are! (She handcuffs him to the chair) Ooh, saucy.
You are, you’re gonna leave me like this?
Okay. But if you don’t come back soon, (She leaves and closes the door) there’s pretty much nothing I can do about it!
Hi! (to Sophie) How are you?
Hello, Joanna…(Realises he doesn’t know her last name)…’s office.
How little?!
Look, this isn’t funny! You get back here right now!
Why not?!
What?!
(in a serious, businesslike tone) Rachel, could I see you for a moment?
Okay, here’s the situation. The keys to the cuffs are on the back of the door. Could you be a doll and grab them and scoot on over and unlock me? And on a totally different subject, that is a lovely pantsuit.
I did break up with her! She just took it really, really well!
It did enter my mind! But then something happened that made it, shoot right out.
No-no-no-no-no-no-no!! I can’t get myself right out of them! You must have me confused with the Amazing Chandler!! Come on, you have to unlock me, she could be gone for hours, and I’m cold, and (Stops and looks up the skirt on a statue behind Joanna’s desk.)
Never!
Fine!
I—never borrowed your Walkman.
You got it! Here we go! Come on! This is great! (Rachel goes over and unlocks the handcuffs) Ahhh! (He starts rubbing his wrist)
No, I just always see guys doing this when they get handcuffs taken off them. (He runs over to where his pants are hanging) Hello sweet pants!
About what?
I’ll make something up! I’m good at lying, I actually did borrow your Walkman!
Oh-ho-ho, I don’t think so!
Well, this is much better.
Hey, look, you’re in trouble either way! Okay? If she comes back and sees me locked to this instead of the chair, she’s gonna know you were in here. So you might as well just let me go.
It still wouldn’t be clean. (Rachel makes an ‘Eww, disgusting!’ face) All I want is my freedom.
Freedom!
Freedom! I want my freedom! Why won’t you here me?! (Opens the door) Sophie, help me! Help me!! (Sophie stands up)
I’m gonna say this for the last time. Would you please just… (He moves his arm which opens the drawer and hits in the back of the head, which proves his point.)
No!
With extra pulp?
No!
You don’t have it.
How do Monica and Phoebe know?
(intrigued) Go on.
And Milton Berle has a…
(hello) Hello.
(to Rachel) I love you. (Kisses her on the forehead)
(checks his watch) Two hours, that lasted!
I think so.
Could there be more Kims?
