Ohh, she's pretty. Pretty ahh, pretty girl, the pretty--she's pretty.
I could die.
I tell people secrets. It makes them like me.
Hey! (Phoebe sneezes)
All right, I'm gonna do it! I'm gonna get shot down. Any advice?
(gets up) (softly) Wish me luck.
Wish it! (To the woman, Kathy, he likes) Hi. Hi, I-I was just sitting over there, and uhh, Chandler. My name is Chandler. Did I say that?
Uh Kathy, with K or a C?
Oh-oh-hey!
Hey, come on, give me a break, I'm out on a limb here.
Hey! Hey, hey-hey, hey. (Joey kisses Kathy.)
Yes-yes, I was just trying to figure out a way to uh, demonstrate how I could get my exceptionally large feet into my even bigger mouth.
(sees Kathy is up watching TV) Hi!
Jeez, at 2:30 in the morning, I didn't expect to have to fight over the remote.
Oh my God! That's why I got up too!
Hey, listen, I'm sorry about this afternoon, y'know, if I would've known you guys were... I never would've...
So ah, Joey tells me you two met in acting class.
That's a good thing actually, because ah, he used to have me rehearse with him.
Is it on?
Hey! (Runs over and gets his wonder broom)
Oh! It's on! It's on!
There we go little fella.
Well the duck can swim.
Oh yeah, me too, she's so cool and pretty.
She's smart and funny, y'know? We were up all last night talking, she said the funniest thing about--what?
No, I don't.
Thank you, Ross.
All right.
All right.
Kathy! Kathy! Hi!! Kathy! Kathy! (She doesn't hear him and keeps running, Chandler starts chasing her as the theme to The Mod Squad starts to play. First, a car almost hits him and then gets mustard splashed on him as he runs by a hot dog vendor.) Kathy! (He keeps running and gets tangled up in the leashes of five dogs, in desperation he throws his paper.) Fetch! Fetch it! (He frees himself and resumes the chase) Kathy! Kathy! Kathy! (He now trips and falls into a pile of garbage, he tries to get up and scream her name again but he has a piece of spinach in his mouth. He gets out of the garbage and starts crossing the street by running over the hoods of a couple of cabs.) Kathy! (He jumps in front of her and out of breath he says) Kathy.
Oh, I just wanted to say, "Hey!"
Okay. (He walks away disgusted with himself.)
(entering) Okay. You were right. I'm in love with Joey's girlfriend.
I don't know. I can't--I just, I can't get her out of my head. Y'know? I mean, I'm a very bad person. I'm a very, very bad person. I'm a horrible person. (he waits for a reaction, when he doesn't get one) No you're not Chandler! We still love you Chandler!
Really?!
(laughs) Right in there!
99...100! Ready or not, here I come! (He opens his eyes and sees that the chick and the duck are still sitting in front of him) All right, let's go over the concept one more time.
Hey!
Ohh, umm, y'know what, I already ate.
Y'know I had a big meal on Monday, y'know. So that's just gonna get me straight through the week.
You-you do?
You got me.
Yeah. Right.
Okay.
Ohh, she's-she's not really my type.
Y'know what I think it is? It's the fishnet stockings. Y'know? Whenever I see a girl in fishnet stockings it reminds me of my father in fishnet stockings.
Uhh, no-no thanks.
Listen, I-I'm gonna grab a beer. (Leaves)
What?
Hey, look, what do you want from me?
I am pretending.
Okay, what do you saw I go over there and say how much I like her? (Joey gives him a thumbs up) No-no it'll be good, I can tell her much I've been thinking about her. That I haven't stopped thinking about her since the moment I met her. That I'm so fantastically, over-the-top, wanna-slit-my-own-throat in love with her, that for every minute of every hour of every day I can't believe my own damn bad luck that you met her first!!
Can I sleep on your couch?
