(on phone) Hey, it’s me. I know you can’t stand to be in the same room as me, so I just thought I’d try and apologize over the phone. All I… (Joey hangs up the phone in disgust.)
Look I never should have kissed your girlfriend, but I’m… (Joey hangs up the phone again.)
(entering) Aww, turkey! Aww, giving thanks! Aww!
They couldn’t be worse. I spent eight hours calling him last night, just trying to get him to talk to me.
Hey, by any chance did either of pick uh Rachel for your secret Santa, ‘cause I wanna trade for her.
Wow! Why do you want to get rid of her so badly?
Oh that’s not true! That’s not true! I got her that backpack and she loved it! I remember how much she was crying the day when that big dog ran off with it… (notices the look on Monica and Phoebe’s faces.) Oh, there was no big dog. All right this sucks! I already got her this briefcase, and I had R.G. put on it… (Phoebe looks confused.) Her initials…
Op, y'know what though, it’s kind’ve a girlie briefcase.
Hey, what time is it? The big game is about to start!
Thanks.
Monica got ice in her eye, and it hurts.
Well maybe you should put some ice on it.
He’s really picky about his patients.
(entering) All right! Okay! I think I am making some progress with Joey, when I went into the apartment he went straight into his bedroom but he only slammed the door once! (Ross is pleased.) I mean yeah, he gave me the finger while doing it.
Oh y’know what, I was already trying to trade for ah, well, you.
I don’t know R.G., I was thinking something girlie for your office.
Oh no-no-no, you don’t want to do that, then you’re gonna get stuck with Rachel and she exchanges every gift she ever gets.
Like?
When was the last time you saw her wear it?
Big dog?
I walk into a room and he won’t even talk to me, he just mumbles something in Italian. And I know he only knows the bad words.
Hey Joe.
Hey! I’m sorry! That—(sees that Joey is about to leave) where are you going?
Oh, uh, when-when are you coming back?
What?!
Hey, look, what do you want me to say? Do you want me to say that I’ll stop seeing her?
Hey, look, I know what it is to be a friend, I just-I just screwed up!
All right look, if you’re not gonna stay for me, then at least stay for them! Okay, they have had a very difficult year! What with the robbery and all!
What?
All right, wait! Come on! Just wait one second! There has to be something that I can do! Something! If we still had that entertainment unit I would get in it for six hours and think about how I let you down. (Joey looks intrigued) What?
(He is now in the box, in their living room.) Sounds like a really bad idea to me.
The meaning of the box is three fold. One (holds a finger up through the air hole), it gives me the time to think about what I did. Two (holds up another finger), it proves how much I care about my friendship with Joey. And three (holds up a third finger), it hurts!
Air hole! Air hole!! (Ross retracts his hand quickly.)
How do ya do.
What happened? What happened?!
Gotcha! (laughs)
Sorry!
Okay, okay, you got it!
You can’t tell, but I’m trying to break the tension by mooning you guys!
You’re right, and I’m sorry! This means a lot to me! I want you to be my friend again! I swear, I won’t say another word tonight.
Absolutely!
So?
Yeah?
Man, this is…
