Hey!
Oh, yeah! How did you meet her?
Were you so late because you were burring this woman?
How can she be great if she’s from Poughkeepsie? (laughs, at they all look at him) That joke would’ve killed in Albany.
Hey, look at this! (Holding a newspaper) They’re lighting the big Christmas tree tonight.
All right, who keeps leaving old newspapers in the trash?! I really wanted to take Kathy to this, I can’t believe I missed it.
Really?! I didn’t think girls ever just wanted a fling.
Y’know what? There’s some nice guys at my office, do you want me to set you up?
Well, I have a girlfriend, I’m-I’m happy. So, I no longer feel the need to go out of my way to stop others from being happy.
Oh and Ross was like what? A lion tamer?
Hey, you know what you can do? I remember reading about this director, I think it was Orson Wells, who at the beginning of the movie would hire somebody, just so he could fire them in front of everybody. Then they would all know, who’s boss.
(he glares at him for a while) Yes.
I say, Drew! Are you seeing anybody right now? (Drew looks at him) Og-ee-op, I’m not asking for me, I’m… I mean… No, I’m-I’m not gay, I’m not asking you out. I’m not-I’m not-I’m not gay!
See my friend-my friend, Rachel, she wants to be set up.
Oh, y’know what, that might be okay even if it was just kind of a fling, that might be all right with Rachel.
(to Drew) Oh, by the way, that is her full name.
Oh well, that’s uh, a little later than I uh, generally care to stay, but sure!
Well, I don’t really know what that is, but let’s!!
(entering) Hello, children!
(to Rachel) Have I got the 50 guys for you!
Oh yeah, I just showed this a picture of you and guys were throwing themselves at me! They’re buying me drinks! They’re giving me stuff! (to Joey) Knicks tonight?
Wherever! I’ve got like 20!
Y’know what, I’m gonna uh, play the field just a little more.
Guys are signing over their 401-K’s to me?
(pause) Yes. (to Rachel) Okay, there’s this one guy, Patrick, I think you’re gonna like him, he’s really nice, he’s funny, he’s a swimmer.
Yes, and his father invented that magnetic strip on the back of credit cards.
See, I’m not bad at this fixing up thing, huh?
Oh, he works in the Fine Foods division.
It’s a big company, I don’t—if you—I…
Oh yeah! With who?
Yeah.
Hey, man!
Well, like father, like son.
Really?! I-I thought you weren’t looking for something serious? I thought you were looking for some kind of a fling.
Ummmmmmmm, no.
Why not?! I’d be thrilled if I heard that some hot girl was just looking to get—oh I see.
(interrupting) Oh, y’know, y’know what Pheebs?
I’m not Jewish, so…
Bad dream?
Oh yeah, then uh, what was Phoebe’s song about?
Prague?
I did! I absolutely did!
I’m sure you’re right, but why?
Oh, man. I’m sorry, I’m so-so sorry.
I know! I know!
Well, y’know, you’re-you’re gonna meet somebody! You’re a great catch! Y’know when I was telling all those guys about you, I didn’t have to lie once. (He sits down on the arm of her chair)
Yeah! You graduated Magma Ku Laude, right?
Oh, it doesn’t matter. (Kisses her on the top of her head.) Hey, y’know what, I’ve got two tickets to tonight’s Rangers game, you wanna come with me?
Well, actually it’s a hockey team, so it’s angry Canadians with no teeth.
Have you ever been with a woman?
So there is no good time to ask that question.
