Okay, she is the star of the play. And she is my girlfriend! I get to have sex with the star of the play!
I know!!
Wow! She looks great. Doesn’t she?
Is it just me, or can you actually see his abs through his overcoat?!
Yeah, it’s like someone literally wrote down my worst nightmare and then charged me $32 to see it!
I’m totally screwed. Okay, they are gonna be hot and heavy on stage every night, and then they’re gonna go to their cast parties and he’s gonna try to undermine me. Y'know it’ll be like, "So where’s your boyfriend, what’s-his-name, Chester?" And she’ll go, "No-no-no, it’s Chandler." And he’ll go, "Whatever. Ha-ha-ha-ha!"
All right, look, look, what am I gonna do?
Really?
So uh, man, are you gonna go to the play with me tonight?
Yeah, I know but…
Okay, okay, but don’t worry, because we also have cereals, muffins, waffles, and, jams, jellies, and marmalades. Which I’m fairly certain are the same thing.
I’m right! Right? There was like no chemistry between them. Before they had heat, and now there’s no heat! Now you know what this means, Joey told us what this means!
Come on, it was like cousins having sex up there!
Oh, I loved the play. You were great, and Nick ditto. Clearly you’re having sex with him.
Oh come on, it was so obvious! There was no chemistry between you two!
Y’know, I-I could see how this could happen, y'know you’re up there every night, you’re naked, touching, kissing.
Well, you can understand, given how we started.
Well, that is what happened, and I don’t even see you denying this!
Yeah, well, don’t expect that to happen anytime soon!
Steps! (He opens the door to his apartment to Ross and Joey looking at the new Playboy) Slut! (Ross and Joey quickly hide the Playboy behind their backs. Chandler wonders into the girl’s apartment.) You will all be very happy to hear that Kathy is sleeping with that guy!
I confronted her, and she didn’t deny it! (Pause) I don’t live here! (Goes back into his apartment and they all follow him.)
Well, I may be drunk, but I know what she said! Then I went over to Beefsteak Julie’s…
Yes! See you and I have always been like—(motions that they think the same.)
Did she call?
All right, maybe I should call her.
Well, yeah, but y'know, what-what if I was wrong?
Well y'know, what if she didn’t actually sleep with the guy?
She did not have to tell me, I saw the play, and there was no heat. Back me up here, Ross!
That’s not backing me up! Look, you said with the off-stage and the heat, and the onstage and the oy heat.
Oh my God!!
Hey. I just, I just wanted to come over to-to say that I’m sorry. Y’know? I know I acted like the biggest idiot in the world, and I can completely understand why you were so upset.
Yeah, I know, I-I wish I had too, but y’know I-I think this is a good thing. Y'know? ‘Cause we’ve had our first fight, and now we can move on. Y’know, I know for me—(Notices a pair of men’s pants on the chair.) Nick’s pants?
Yeah. Well, I think our second fight is going to be a big one!
Well, she wasn’t sleeping with him.
She is now.
I’m saying that she… is a devil woman! Y’know I mean you think you know someone and then they turn around and they sleep with Nick! Nick, with his rock hard pecs, and his giant man-nipples! I hate him, I hate her! Well, I don’t hate her, I love her. This is all my fault really.
Because, I-I should’ve called! Y’know if I had just called her after our big, stupid fight, she never would’ve gone out with Nick, and they would’ve ended up in bed together. I threw her at his man nipples!
