You don’t have to stop having fun just because I’m here. Kathy didn’t cheat on all of you. (To Joey) Well, except you. (They hug and Chandler goes into the bathroom with the chick and duck following him.)
(opening the bathroom door and kicking out the chick and duck) Would you give me one minute!! Please.
Y’know, I can’t believe Kathy did this too me. I really, thought that she was the one. I tell you what, from now on I’m never getting out of this chair, ever! Okay? From now on, this chair is the one! You wanna what else is the one? My sweat pants!
That’s right! Where are the guys? I’m ready to get drunk and see some strippers.
They got a breakfast buffet.
Ooh, let me talk to him!
Well, can I just…
She’s shhing me! It’s my phone and she’s shhing me!
Ow!
Maybe, she doesn’t hit him all the time.
Okay, I’m going to go stand over there. (Points and moves into the living room.)
So y’know, uh, when’s he getting back?
Y’know, I knew something like this was going to happen. (He starts to take off his pants, revealing that he is still wearing his sweat pants.)
Yes you can. You’re thinking about time, you can’t go back in time.
(laughs) No you can’t.
You don’t want to be guys, you’d be all hairy and wouldn’t live as long. (Starts to go to his bedroom)
Okay. (Starts to cry)
No thanks, Mom!
Ahh, come on! Y’know what—y’know what, I think I’m just gonna go home and call Kathy.
No! That was a test! In a couple of hours I’m gonna get really drunk and wanna call Kathy and you guys are gonna have to stop me! And then after that, I’m gonna get so drunk, I’m gonna wanna call Janice
Ohhh!!
Oh yeah, that was great. Thanks to you, the hottest cocktail waitress there is quitting to teach the third grade!
All right, well I’m gonna put my sweats back on.
Yeah?
Stripping!
Okay, look, I’m gonna have to ask you all to leave.
Look, forget it. We tried, but Phase Three is a lost cause, Okay? Those strippers were insanely hot, and I couldn’t picture myself with any of them. (Sits back in disgust.)
(jumping up) Phase Three! I just achieved Phase Three!
I am totally picturing you with all those women!
Well, I’m there too!
Stop it! You’re killing me! I think I just moved on to Phase Four!
Where I don’t want to have a relationship ever! I just want to have sex with strippers and my friends!!
Come on, let me see that smile.
Please?
I know, I know, but you’re gonna have plenty of chances. There are literally thousands of women out there just waiting to screw me over.
All right ladies, here’s what we’re gonna do. (Points to a stripper.) You are gonna take off my clothes. (To another two strippers) You two, go get the oils. (To another stripper) And you just constantly scream at the top of your voice, "Chandler’s the king! Chandler’s the king!"
Oh, that’s fine! Go with your instincts, go with your instincts.
Come on! Would you please pay attention, I could wake up at any moment!
What do you want from me, I’ve never met the guy. So anyway, Rachel, I’m sorry you can’t stay, (Rachel is upset about leaving the orgy with the cigarette guy.) but the rest of us have a lot of work to do. (The cigarette guy starts rubbing Chandler’s back.) What are you doing? (The guy just nods) All right, listen, I’ve got to wake up!
