Y'know, I can't believe I'm getting my nails done! And you said it was gonna be fun! (pause) Which it kinda is. Also, you said there would be other guys here. There are no other guys here!
That’s a mailman! That’s our mailman! (Waves to the mailman) (Sarcastic) Hi. How are ya?
Hey, you know who used to have nails like that?
(entering, with Janice in tow) Hello!
Isn’t this amazing?
Okay. Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
B-bye!
Bye. (Finally closes the door on her.) (After it’s closed) I can’t stand the woman! (Phoebe is shocked, Joey is relieved.)
Yeah, I know, but all of those little annoying things she did before we fell in love? Like her voice, her laugh, her personality—Well, they’re all back! Y’know? And she’s picked up like nine new ones!
Don’t worry about it. I’m taking care of it tonight. (Chandler opens the fridge and grabs something to drink.)
(standing in the door of the fridge) Well, I don’t have to break up with her this time. We’re not involved! I’m going to do a pre-emptive strike! I’m going to end it with her before it starts. My ass is like frozen! (Closes the fridge.)
Yes, I-I know that you do, but I think one of the reasons people were complaining though, was that they paid to hear the actor sing Old Man River.
(laughs) Okay, we have to talk. I’m just getting out of a very serious relationship…
Right! I just think that this is happening too soon.
I hear ya. (Pause) But! Unfortunately, my company is transferring me overseas!
No! No! Not, Paris.
Okay, could you just stop talking for a second? (Thinks) Yemen. That’s right, yes, I’m being transferred to Yemen!
I don’t know exactly.
But I do know that it’s some time tomorrow.
Y’know uh, you didn’t really have to help me pack.
Well, I-I thought I did but, I-I guess I did not!
Oh, I’m packing. Y’know I’m-I’m packing ‘cause I’m moving to Yemen tomorrow.
I’m only going to pretend I’m moving to Yemen, it’s the only way I can get rid off her.
(to Janice) Okay. (to Joey) Joey, trade lives with me!
(from his bedroom) Thanks!
Y’know you, really didn’t have to take me to the airport.
Well, we’re really not that close. (Pause) Okay, so I guess this is uh, good-bye then.
Okay. Then I guess it’s just, wait here then. (Hands her the sign that says, Wait Here.") (To the ticket agent) Hi. I need one fake ticket to Yemen.
Oh no-no-no, no. No, no, no, I just, I just need a pretend ticket.
What would you give to a kid if he wanted a ticket to play with?
No. All right, y’know what, she’s (Points to Janice) gonna think that I’m handing you a credit card, but what I’m really gonna do is hand you a library card.
(to the ticket agent) American Express?
Well, I-I guess I gotta go.
Well, just until we find an energy source to replace fuel.
Okay, good-bye. Good-bye.
No!
Janice! There you are! There you are! I had to have one last kiss, and also-also you said that you were going to leave right after I got on the plane!
Well, I then guess I’m going to Yemen! I’m going to Yemen! (To this old woman also going to Yemen.) When we get to Yemen, can I stay with you?
