Hey Pheebs, what’s up?
Buy stamps, pick up dry cleaning…Don’t let Phoebe in.
Well, Phoebe I thought I’d—(Off Phoebe’s look)—Yeah, what the hell. (Exits with Phoebe.)
Hey babe.
Who says you can’t get a nice punch bowl for under six bucks? Maybe we can take it back?
How about to the street say from the balcony?
Okay. How about in that cabinet?
How about the closet by the bathroom? (The secret green door by the bathroom.)
Oh no-no-no, I will do it. Honey, you have to learn to sit down and relax and let your husband take care of things once and awhile. (Tries the door.) It’s locked, you have to help me. Why is it locked?
Oh y’know, I’ve been living here a while and I’ve never seen what’s inside that closet. What is, what is in there?
Don’t try to make me uncomfortable with feminine stuff!
Fine.
(walking casually away) Love you.
Phoebe if it helps Alexandra has only been massaging Monica for like three years. (Phoebe rolls her eyes and walks away and Monica glares at him.) If! I said, "If it helps!" (Goes to the bedroom.)
I wasn’t trying to open your closet! I wasn’t trying to open your closet! I swear! (Running into the kitchen and sees its Joey.)
Monica has a secret closet and she won’t let me see what’s in it.
I don’t know! What could she possibly be hiding in here that I can’t see?!
Why would Monica be keeping Richard in here?
And here we go…
There has got to be a way!
Yeah. (Checks his hair.) Oh no wait, I’m not an nine-year-old girl.
Maybe Monica has a bobby pin.
So, how’s the hideously inappropriate crush on Rachel coming?
That’s a good idea.
Okay. (They switch places and Chandler gets out a credit card.) So uh, Ross is kinda bummed huh?
Well, it’s not your fault. What are you gonna do? Not take her to the hospital? Y’know? You’re doing nothing wrong. (Pause) Except for harboring an all consuming love for the woman whose carrying his baby. (He loses his card behind the door.) Richard? If-if you’re in there, could you pass me my credit card?
Not to shabby, I got this all off myself…using my wife’s tools. (He takes the door off the frame and we finally get to see what’s behind the green door! It is stacked, floor to ceiling, with junk.) Oh my God!
(laughs) You’re messy.
I married Fred Sanford!
No, honey you’re not sick! Look, I don’t love you because you’re organized, I love you in spite of that.
Yes! And look, now that I know if I got some extra stuff lying around can we, can we share the closet.
Hey.
So Rachel’s all moved out huh? How are you taking it?
Are you okay?
