What? What’s going on?
Oh my God! Is that why you guys had to get married?!
Ah. (To Chandler) Slow swimmers? (Chandler looks at him.)
I can’t! I-I don’t have any other clothes here.
I’m sorry! Okay? I went down to the gift shop and it’s either this or a bathrobe! Look, what’s more important, the way I’m dressed or me being with you on your special day?
That’s better, now just bend your arms a little more. There you go. Okay, look straight ahead. Now this time I want you to really put your ass into it. (They do a practice swing and she really puts her ass into it.)
I don’t believe we’ve met, Joey Tribbiani.
Wow, I’ve admired your work for years. You-you’ve done some really amazing stuff.
Wow Dennis Phillips! That’s great! How did you guys meet?
Chandler. Will you see if your mom can give my resume to Dennis Phillips? ‘Cause if I can get in a Broadway show then I would’ve done it all, film, television, and theater. The only think left would be radio, and that’s just for ugly people.
Uh, eleven, eleven and a half.
Uh, I don’t even really know where I left those. Sorry.
Okay fine! I’m a seven! All right, I have surprisingly small feet. But the rest of me is good, I’ll show ya!
Hey! Did you talk to Dennis about me yet?
No-no! No! No! You don’t tell a Broadway guy that! Now he just thinks I’m a soap actor.
Hey!
(clinks his glass) I’d like to propose a toast. To Monica and Chandler, the greatest couple in the world. And my best friends. Now, my when I first found out they were getting married I was, I was a little angry. I was like, (overly angry) "Why God? Why? How can you take them away from me?!" But then I thought back over all our memories together, some happy memories. (Does a fake laugh.) And-and there was some sad memories. (Starts to break down and cry.) I’m sorry. And-and some scared memories—Whoa! (He jumps back, startled.) Eh? And then, and then I realized I’ll always be their friend, their friend who can speak in many dialects and has training in stage combat and is willing to do partial nudity. (Starts to walk away, but realizes something.) Oh! To the happy couple!
So did you uh, happen to catch my toast up there?
Well, I’d like to think there was something for everyone. Look, I know you’re casting for this new show…
Oh, see that’s where you’re wrong. Whatever it is I can do it. And if didn’t see it up there, just-just try me.
Well I’m not proud of this, but… (He turns around and starts to mess with his eyelids.)
Shh. Shh. Don’t try to talk, we’ll get you up to your room, we’ll soak your feet, you’ll be okay.
Yeah.
Tell me about it, I feel like I’m holding down the fort all by myself.
Yeah.
