Drake, I’ve discovered the reason for all your headaches and memory loss.
Apparently your brain transplant was not entirely successful. It seems your body is rejecting Jessica’s brain.
Not if we extract tissue from the original host body, synthesize antibodies, and introduce them into your system, which could stop it from rejecting the brain.
We would, but when we went to exhume Jessica’s body, it was gone.
(To Rachel) Okay, let me just get changed and we can go to dinner.
I’m not telling, you’ll have to see it on TV!
No, couldn’t care less.
Hey good scene man.
Hey you too!
Alright.
What? You weren’t in it.
Oh sorry. Uh-uh, Kash?
This is my friend Rachel. Rachel, Kash, Kash, Rachel.
(grabbing her) Here we go! Here we go! (Starts to pull her away from Kash.)
Hey!
Oh you know uh Kash, really liked you the other day. He said he thought you were charming.
Hey, I’m with you. He even asked me if I thought you’d go out with him.
I said no.
What? I…I just figured since you’re pregnant you’re not gonna be seeing people.
I didn’t tell him. I didn’t know if you were telling people. This is back when I thought Kash was still people.
Rach look, I really don’t think that’s such a great…
Hey!
No. No. But I’ll go see a normal person movie with ya.
It’s no Ukrainian film.
I set her up with this actor on my show.
No
Well, I was thinking that it’d probably be okay because Ross hasn’t gone out with Rachel in five years!
Hey! I’m an (does the quote-marks thing as well) actor too! I’m not sure. I think they’re taking the ferry out to some Italian place on Staten Island.
Are we talking about one of those big boats that carry cars that go like five miles an hour?
Hey Kash. Uh hey-hey this is Ross. Ross, this is Kash.
So what movie do you want to see—And not another one I have to read. Okay? I get enough of that from books.
All right, car magazines, cereal boxes, but it’s like enough!
And just wait for Rachel to come back from her date?
Dude! What is going on?!
Why?
They go on one date and you’re worried about them getting married?! He’s not you!
Well Ross, what did you think she was gonna do?
What do you mean?
That’s a nice picture. Maybe you can still have that!
Hey, can I ask you something? In this, in this picture of you and your wife, is your wife Rachel?
Good call. Yeah. But, the face Ross, the face isn’t Rachel.
I know, but I don’t think that’s what she wants.
That’s okay Ross maybe you need a new picture. Okay? It’s not gonna be what you thought, but no matter what there’s gonna be a brand new little baby, your baby. Who cares what the picture looks like?
Hey, I tell you what. Let’s you and me go out and have some fun. Huh? Whatever you want. Come on!
No, I said fun!
