(reading) Three down, Days Of Our Lives star blank Tribbiani. That’s me!! I’m blank!!
Yeah you are baby.
No. They really like me over there. They want to do a big profile on me, but I said no.
Remember what happened the last time I did an interview for them? I said I write a lot of my own lines, and then the writers got mad and made my character fall down the elevator shaft. So who knows what I might say this time.
Fine! All right, I’ll do it. But hey! You guys have to be at the next table so you can stop me if I y’know, start to say something stupid.
Yeah.
Oh, not at all. Happy to do it.
(laughs) Actually, I didn’t know the magazine was paying for it. Wouldn’t have mattered, I’m doing this for the fans, not for the free food.
And I’ll have all the muffins.
(He goes into a song and dance number)
Oh, you said it Mike. (Rips open the carton and spills milk on the counter) Aw! There's got to be a better way!
(finishing installing the Milk Master 2000) Wow, it is easy. (Starts to poor the milk) Now, I can have milk everyday.
Yeah, I guess it is. And so… I’m gonna get on this spaceship, (Smoke starts pouring in from the ceiling, and a ladder comes down, with flashing, colored lights on the side of it) and I’m gonna go to Blargon 7 in search of alternative fuels. But when I return, 200 years from now, you’ll be long gone. But I won’t have aged at all. (Gets on the ladder) So you tell your great-great-granddaughter to look me up, because Adrienne… baby…I’m gonna want to meet her.
Shh, OK, here I come, here I come. See I'm comin' to fix the copier, I can't get to the copier, I'm thinkin' what do I do, what do I do…so I just watch 'em have sex. And then I say, wait, here's my line, (Joey from TV) you know that's bad for the paper tray.
Thank you. Wait-wait-wait-wait, you see me again. Hang on, the guy's butt's blockin' me. There I am, there I am, there I am, there I am, there I am…
Well, there are so many things, it’s hard to pick just one.
The One With Phoebe’s Cookies, Rachel is teaching Joey how to sail his boat, the Mr. Bowmont.]
(drinking a beer) Look at this clown! Just because he’s got a bigger boat he thinks he can take up the whole river. (Yelling) Get out of the way jackass! (To Rachel) Who names their boat Coast Guard anyway?
What are they doing out here? The coast’s all the way over there. (Points to the coast.)
(To Chandler) Dude! What are yo—you trying to kill me?!
Dude, stop talking crazy and make us some tea!
I think you’re right.
One.
That’s kinda nice.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah!!
In my spare time I uh, read to the blind. And I’m also a mento for the kids.(The gang shake their heads.) Y’know a mento, a role model. (Chandler bites his fist to keep from talking.)
Right.
Matter of fact, I do.
Uh, we stars just try to eat right and get lots of exercise.
Wow! You realize that we've been throwing this ball, without dropping it, for like an hour?
Yeah. I realized it about a half-hour ago but I didn't want to say anything 'cause I didn't want to jinx it.
Yeah!
Oh, I-I, I think that's the first time I ever missed a meal! (Checks his pants.) Yeah, my pants are a little loose!
Nothing! Well, I-I got this blinding pain in my stomach when I was lifting weights before, then I uh passed out and uh, haven’t been able to stand up since. But um, I don’t think it’s anything serious.
No way! ‘Kay look, if I have to go to the doctor for anything it’s gonna be for this thing sticking out of my stomach! (Rolls over and shows Chandler.) Why did I have to start working out again? (Looks at the weights he was using.) Damn you 15s!
I like it.
What’s not to like? Custard? Good. Jam? Good. Meat? Goooooood.
The fridge broke. I have to eat everything. Cold cuts, ice cream, limes—Hey, what was in that brown jar?
Not anymore.
(pulls out a fork) All right, what are we havin’? (Starts digging in.)
Uhh, I don’t believe in these crazy diets y’know, just everything in moderation.
I’ll take those to go. (To the interviewer) For the kids.
It was so stupid, I said some stuff in an interview that I shouldn’t have said. But believe me, that’s not gonna happen today.
Well, I said that I… (The gang jumps up and interrupts him.)
You guys, this is Shelley, she’s interviewing me for Soap Opera Digest, and Shelley, this are my friends…
Okay.
No thanks.
How come you have two? Chandler: Well this one's for you. Joey: Get out. Chandler: No, I can't. No-no, listen, I, I know how much this means to you and I also know that this is about more than just jewelry, (Puts bracelet on Joey) it's about you and me and the fact that we're (Reading bracelet) best buds. Joey: Wow, is this friendship? I think so. Check it out, we're bracelet buddies. Chandler: That's what they'll call us. [The next one is from Episode 618: The One Where Ross Dates A Student.]
No that’s all right. Don’t worry about it.
Rach! Hey! It’s fine! You’re at Joey’s!
Yeah! Look! (He throws some of his spaghetti on the floor.)
I know.
All right, don’t waste it, I mean its still food. (He picks it up and eats it.)
Wow, you are a good friend, 'course the audition was this morning, and I didn't get it. But that was a hell of a kiss. Rachel is a very lucky girl.
All right. Let's get the contestants out of their isolation booths. (He removes the waste bucket that's over the duck and the laundry basket that's over the chicken.) And they're off! (He puts his foot in front of the chick, stopping it from moving.)
Judge rules, no violation.
And the duck gets the Nutter-Butter!
Judge rules, Nutter-Butter.
Yeah.
I’d seen this thing on The Discovery Channel...
That’s right I stepped up! She’s my friend and she needed help! And if I had too, I’d pee on anyone of you!
Umm, no. No best friend, no. Just a lot of close friends.
Really? Me? Wow! I don’t even know any huge gay people!
What? Are you referring to my man's bag? At first, I thought it just looked good, but it's practical too. Check it out! It's got compartments for all your stuff! Your wallet! Your keys! Your address book!
I think face to face.
Face to face, yeah!
All right.
(grunting) Oh my… How much do you weigh Ross?!
Y’know, when we talked about face to face, I don’t think we thought it all the way through.
Hey Pheebs! (He sits down next to her.)
Check it out. (He turns around, pulls down his pants, and shows Phoebe that he’s got panties on.) How much of a man am I?!
No I’m not. Why would you say that? That’s just mean.
It’s not what you said. It’s the way you said it… Oh My God, I’m a woman!!!
Great nap.
Uh me? Gay? No! No. No, but I have a number of close friends who are. (Chandler and Ross look at each other.)
Oh-oh-oh-oh, how I do it is, I look a woman up and down and say, "Hey, how you doin’?"
(to Phoebe) Hey, how you doin’?
Hey! How you doin’?
I’d love to show ya, but I just tucked her in. She’s sleeping. (The women both laugh) Hey uh, would you two girls like to go for a drink? (Just then the same guy with the football dives to make a catch, lands on the car cover, and collapses it. It turns out that Joey set up a bunch of boxes to make it look like a Porsche.)
Hey, (in the Joey voice) how you doin’?
Oh! I see what happened. It's because I was trying to repel you. Right? Believe me, you'd feel a lot different if I turned it on.
Oh, I do. (Gives her the Joey-love look.) How you doin?
What?!?! Oh dear God!
Not much to tell there I’m really shy.
Oh great! Great! Thank you. (They shake hands.)
Bye-bye. (The interviewer leaves and he sits down with the rest of the gang.) I did it!
Oh, I don’t watch soap operas. Excuse me, I have a life, y’know?
Oh, good to know. (The interviewer leaves.) So close!
Yeah, I called the lady about that. I told her I was just joking. She was pretty nice about that.
Little bit, yeah.
Oh yeah, that’s just a little something for my huge gay fan base. (Winks at him.)
Hey, you’re the one that loves the picture.
