Oh no, I can’t go. I’m practicing; I got an audition to be the host of a new game show.
Yeah-yeah, and if I get it by day I’ll (In a sexy voice) Dr. Drake Remoray, but by night I’ll be (In an announcer’s voice) Joey Trrrribbiani!
But the audition’s in a couple hours and I don’t even understand the game.
Oh really? That’d be great! You guys can be the contestants!
(announcer voice) All right! Let’s play Bamboozled!
Yeah, isn’t that a cool name?
All right. Uhh, okay. Our first contestant is Ross Geller. Why don’t you tell us a little something about you Ross?
I said a little bit Ross. Now, how about you Chandler?
Excellent! Let’s play Bamboozled! Chandler, you’ll go first. What is the capital of Columbia?
It’s Ba-go-ta, but close enough. Now, you can either pass your turn to Ross or pick a Wicked Wango card.
I should know that. Let’s see, just one moment please. Umm, here we are, a Wicked Wango card determines whether you go higher or lower.
This is embarrassing. (Looks it up.)
All right Ross you’re in the lead, would you like to take another question or spin the Wheel of Mayhem?
Okay, this is gonna be tough. Hold your breath.
No dude, you gotta hold your breath until you’re ready to answer the question.
Okay, what do you have a fear of if you suffer from this phobia, Tris…Holy cow, that’s a big word. Trisc… Seriously look at this thing. Chandler, how do you say that?
This one right here. (Ross whines.)
No! No, fear of the number 13.
All right Chandler, you’re up.
All right. Chandler, you can either spin the wheel or pick a Google card.
You-you must choose Mr. Bing.
Choose, you jackass!
Okay, you picked the Gimmie card! You get all of Ross’s points!
(To Chandler) In what John Houston film would you hear this line, "Badges? We don’t need no stinkin’ badges!"
Correct! There’s a possible backwards bonus!
Yes!
Wise choice, how many rungs?
(makes a sound like a monkey) That noise can only me one thing.
Okay, it’s an audio question, name this television theme song. (Starts humming the theme to I Dream of Genie.)
Yes! Yes, you’re back in the lead!
All right! All right! Uh, umm, Super-Speedy Speed round!
Of course!
Who invented bifocals?
Correct! Which monarch has ruled Great Britain the longest?
Correct again! But, you forgot to switch legs between questions, so no hopping bonus!
Now, over to Chandler.
Are you sure?
Oh my God! Congratulations Ross, because Chandler, you’ve been Bamboozled!
(announcer voice) It’s a pleasure to meet you Ray.
(announcer voice) Rightie-O Ray!
(to the camera) Hello, I’m Joey Tribbiani! Let’s play Bamboozled! Erin, you get the first question! In hockey, who is known as The Great One?
Correct! Now, would you like to pick a Wicked Wango card or spin the Wheel of Mayhem?
What—Why?!
Well what’s complicated? You spin the Wheel of Mayhem to go up the Ladder of Chance. You go past the Mud Hut through the Rainbow Ring to get to the Golden Monkey; you yank his tail and boom! You’re in Paradise Pond!
Well what’s fun about that? You expect me to be the host of a boring game that’s just people standing around answering questions?
(announcer voice to the camera) Let’s play Bamboozled!
