Hey! You guys! You’re not gonna believe this! I just got off the phone with my agent…
Okay. I got nominated for my part on Days of Our Lives!
No-no.
No! I’m up for a Soapie!
No, no, no! It’s real! And it has been since 1998. (Rachel returns from the bathroom.) Hey Rach! Rach! I’m up for a Soapie!
Thank you! Well, I guess now I know who I’m taking to the awards. (Points to Rachel.)
Many are scheduled to appear.
(pretending to be an announcer) And the winner is…Joey Tribbiani! (He then gets excited and goes over to the counter to practice his acceptance speech using a bottle of maple syrup as the award.) Oh… Wow! I honestly never expected this. I uh, I didn’t prepare a speech. But umm, I’d like to thank (Rachel enters quietly) my parents, who’ve always been there for me. I’d also like to thank my friends, Chandler, Monica, Phoebe, Rachel…
Yeah may-maybe you don’t tell anyone about this.
Really?
What award are you practicing for?
Oh, hey listen! The Soapie’s called today and I also get to present an award.
Yeah!
(confused) What you-you don’t think I’m gonna win?
Yeah. No-no I-I know I might not win, but it’s just…I’ve never even been nominated before! I want it so much.
Hey! (Likes it.)
You practice losing the Grammies too?
Ah.
Is that why you wanted to tie my tie?
Whoa!
Ross has a boyfriend.
How’d you get over that teacher?
(To Ross) Problem solved.
(To Rachel) This is it! This is my category.
Yeah, I got my speech!
Yeah. (Does it.)
Okay. Can I squeeze your ass?
‘Kay!
What the?! (Joey pounds the table and starts yelling at Rachel, and which is drowned out by applause. Rachel is desperately trying to tell Joey that he’s on TV right now. He finally notices and he does his gracious loser face.)
(angrily and monotone) Any one of the brilliant actresses nominated for this award tonight deserves to take it home. Unfortunately only one can. (Shakes his head in disgust.) The nominees for Best Supporting Actress are from Passions Erin Goff. (There is applause, which Joey disgustedly waits to dye out.) From One Life to Live Mary Loren Bishop (They start to applaud again, but Joey interrupts in with the rest of the nominees), from All My Children Sarah Mchann, and from Days of Our Lives Jessica Ashley. And the winner is…(Opens the envelope)…Jessica Ashley from Days of Our Lives. (Applause) Uh, unfortunately Jessica couldn’t be with us tonight so I’ll be accepting this award on her behalf. (Realizes something) And I’m sure that Jessica would like to thank my parents who always believed in me. She’d also like to thank my friends, Chandler, Monica, Ross, Phoebe, and Rachel who’s sittin’ right there! (Points at Rachel.) (The music starts and his microphone is turned off, this angers Joey again and he disgustedly exits.)
Rach we had to get out of there because, look what I won! (He whips out the award for Best Supporting Actress that he accepted for Jessica.)
No-no! No, I’m accepting it on her behalf. (He puts it up above the TV to display it.)
Sure I do! It’s a verb! As in, "I behalfin’ it!"
But why?! I should’ve won one and I really want it and she didn’t even care enough to come to the thing! It could also be a Grammy.
Come on Rach! No one saw me take it! There was a whole table full of ‘em.
No! I want an award I did win! But nobody’s giving me any of those! Plus—Hey Rach, if-if I put it up there (Points to the TV) right? When people come over they’ll see it and they’ll think I won it.
I can scratch that right off.
All right!
I’ll take it back tomorrow.
(opening his door) If I can’t have it you can’t have it! (Rachel walks away angrily.)
Okay wait-wait p-please be cool! Okay? I work with this woman.
Hey Jessica.
Ah, this is my friend Rachel.
Uh listen, here’s your Soapie. I accepted it for ya. (Hands it to her.)
Well, that-that-that’s it? You’re gonna, you’re gonna put it on your self or anything?
(To Rachel) Take it back?
Y-y-yeah! (As they start to leave, Rachel pauses and steals a vase with flowers in it.) Yeah you do. (They exit.)
