You know, I'd love to, but I'm a little tired.
You're on!
He could be alone. This morning I heard him do push-ups, and then talk to his triceps.
She's cheating on Joey with Ross!
Wow!
How about the dinosaur twins in the other room? No-one is manning that wall!
Anything?
You do realise that's your brother?
That's not true. I came with Monica and I'm leaving with Weird Al.
Okay Buckwheat!
And she's... turning on the TV... and watching... Miss Congeniality!
(caresses the wall with his finger) Bye!
He's probably in his room with his current girlfriend Charlie. That's the situation as we know it... (walks to Phoebe and Monica)
You got it!
YE-AH!
Okay, well we'll go back in there, but will you do one thing for us? The people that care about you?
Enunciate!
Hey!
Not quite. Monica's still at the salon, and I'm just finishing packing.
You're not supposed to take that. Besides, it's a New Testament, what are you gonna do with it?
Hey!... aaaaaahhhh!
I think.... I think I can see your scalp.
What d'ya know... It's a treat for the eyes and the ears.
Yeah, it's almost if Air Barbados doesn't care about your social life.
Wish I could switch with someone. I really don't wanna sit with Allen Iverson over there.
You go back to work tomorrow night, right?
So if you want people to see them, then by definition you're not having them taken out... say, at the break of dawn?
What are you singing?
It's "Ride of the Valkyries" from "Apocalypse Now"... See, here's the thing: The corn rose were really a solution to your frizzy hair problem. And now that we're home, we don't have that problem anymore, so if you think about it... I hate them!
Did I? Let's refresh. I believe what I said was that I could see your scalp.
Again, let's journey back... As I recall what Rachel said, was she had never notice the shape of your skull before. And Joey... Well, Joey didn't realise that there was anything different.
Hit yourself in the tooth?
Honey, you've been in there for a long time... Is everything okay?
Really? What happened?
You can't move at all?
If I untangle you, will you please get rid of the corn rose?
(trying to untangle her) Some of these look a little frayed.
Now that I untangled you, how 'bout you doing a little something for me?
I think you know.
This is what I want to do.
(Picks up the "Miss Congeniality" DVD) She's an FBI agent, posing as a beauty contestant.
