Hey, I'm sorry, I should have given you guys my black book when I got married! Although it wasn't so much a book as a... napkin. With Janice's phone number on it.
(he enters) Hey honey!
Is Monica not here?
Oh, then I'll tell you. My agency was bidding for a big account and they got it! It's my first national commercial!
Yeah, and I don't wanna brag but a lot of the ideas were mine! (silence) Hell, you weren't there? All the ideas were mine!!!
Oh... I don't know, I really don't think you're right for the part.
First of all. Bravo. Uh, but I really don't think you're right for this. The part calls for a stuffy college professor.
Software that facilitates inter-business networking e-solutions?
Hey you guys.
Joe, I told you, you're just not right for the part.
Look, c'mon, please? It's not like I'm asking for some crazy favour. This is what I do for a living. I am a professional actor! (he glances at his watch and sees the time) Oh, man, I'm two hours late for work! (he stands, ready to go). Look, here's a copy of my reels. It's got all the commercials that I've been in.
Joe...
Fine!
Work, Joe!
What am I gonna do now?
He's not right for the part. So if I suggest him, my bosses are gonna think I'm an idiot! And that's something they should learn on their own!
That's good! I liked it, they didn't. (he sees Joey out of the window hitting on a girl) Joey, for God's sake, go to work! (Joey runs away).
Hey Joe!
Bad news. I watched the tape and passed it along to my bosses and they weren't interested.
(Hands the tape back to him) I'm sorry man.
(sounds nervous) Yeah! I... I... I liked it! (Joey continues to look at him suspiciously) But, ehm... my bosses didn't go for it. Stupid sons of bitches!
(looks surprised) What!? Of course I did!
I'm not lying to you, I watched it!
I watched it!
(now yelling) (pretending to look shocked) I did!
(following him) I'm telling you, I watched the tape. (Reaches Joey's room and Joey slams the door in his face)
In a sarcastic "of course not"!-tone) No!
I can't believe Joey. I hate being called a liar!
What did I just say?
Yes, and I have to say, I am not just hurt. I am insulted. When I tell somebody I did something...
Why are you so sure I didn't watch this tape?
He really is a chameleon.
Look, I'm sorry I didn't give them your tape. And I promise, next time to submit you whether I think you are right for the part or not.
I know. You're right. What's it gonna take for you to forgive me?
Lying is wrong!
I'm a pretty little girl.
