Yeah. We don't feel like we can host Thanksgiving this year.
Well, it's just with uhm, work and the stress of adoption, we just don't feel like we have the energy. Plus, we don't think it's fair that every year the burden falls on us.
No, no! We made this decision together.
Don't let yourself get manipulated this way!
We are supposed to make these decisions together! Did you not watch the Doctor Phil I taped for you?
Why come all the way from Kansas to do that?
You know what just occurred to me? This could be our last Thanksgiving just the two of us. I mean, we could be getting a baby soon!
Somebody is gonna pick us.
I'm telling ya! It's gonna happen. Next year it's gonna be you, me and the little Hemingway Bing. (pause) What, he's my favourite author!
(after a long pause) "The Firm"?
You know, you always cook this meal all by yourself. Let me help this year.
I'm serious, let me do something, just not the turkey or the stuffing, nothing "high profile".
Tell me more.
You obviously haven't tasted my Palmolive potatoes!
Oh my God!
Hmm, the game's at one.
Dinner is at four, we'll never gonna make it back.
You say that now, but it could take us a long time to get back home. Plus Joey could get lost and and they could have to page us to go pick him up.
Look, Monica has been working hard all day, she didn't wanna host this thing in the first place, we shouldn't go!
Okay. (pause) And get ready to taste my very special cranberries. Or should I say... chanberries!
I can't believe they are not here! I slave and I slave for what? They've ruined cranberry day!
(peeping) They're out there!
(peeping) Everything is so distorted! Looks like Joey has a giant hand! Which says "Rangers" on it. They went to the game!
(looking through the peephole again) Ross' shirt is torn.
Yeah, and there's a bowl of cranberry sauce that... (speaking lower to Monica) what happens to cranberry sauce?
(relieved) Oh thank God!
(looking through the peephole) That's a lie, you went to the game, I can see Joey's hand.
Guys, I'd listen to her. The vein is bigger than I've ever seen it. (Monica looks at Chandler)
HA-HA! All you got was Monica's stinky Brussels sprouts!
Please let me stay on this side of the door.
The cranberries...?
He's doing that weird eye contact thing. Don't look at him, don't look at him! (They both look away)
The floating heads do make a good point.
Well, you manheads aren't any better. You lied about going to the game. You knew it would make you late, and you still went anyway.
That would be a lot more convincing if you weren't drooling.
A little late for that.
Uhm, we've got turkey grease.
Can you ever feel your ears?
(sarcastically) Oh, I left them on my bulldozer... I don't have tools!
Okay, look, I'm gonna pull on the door and you guys push as hard as you can. Maybe we can get enough room to wiggle him out, okay? Okay, so PUSH!
Come on guys, PUSH!
PUSH! PUSH! PUSH!
My cranberries!
Argh! I can't believe what you did. Monica's gonna kill you!
(to Monica) Look! Look! Look what the... Look what... Look what the floating heads did!
What's going on?
And?
Are you serious? (they hug)
That is the exact same thing.
