(looking at her) Seriously, answer faster!
(to Phoebe) It's like a giant hug.
(picking up the phone) Hello.
Oh, uhm... I have to work too. Yeah, I'm stuck at the office all day.
Those are all really old!
Hi!
I was in the car with Nancy all day.
Well, at least the perfume is not mine, be thankful for that!
It’s perfect. It’s everything we’ve been looking for.
And the wiggle wharms and the zip zorps? (pause) What were the things you said?
And the fireplace in the bedroom.
This is bringing out a lovely color in you!
I don’t know. What do you think?
I do too.
I know.
I don’t know what you mean, giant talking cigarette! Oh, by the way, Phoebe called just as I was getting into Nancy’s car, so if she asks you, I was at work all day.
We don’t. Not until it's a hundred percent. I mean, why upset everybody over nothing.
I know. Gooooood luck with it.
Hey!
Is it me, or have the greetings gone downhill around here?
Yeah (motions them to sit and they do) I'm not having an affair. Nancy is our realtor.
...and a street where our kids can ride their bikes and maybe an ice-cream truck can go by.
Actually, we already found a house we love.
Bet you wish I was having an affair now, huh?
I know this is really hard and we're really sorry.
(goes towards Joey) You know that's not the reason Joe. (Joey hugs him and after, he takes something from the fridge and puts it in his mouth. He goes back to where he was standing before)
Hey, that's...'joincidence' with a 'C'!
If you win, we give up the birds.
But if we win, we get your apartment.
Dangerous Liaisons.
Fancy.
Fancy guest.
Thanks man.
Would you all stop yelling in our apartment! You are ruining moving day for us!
(To Monica) Wow! Listen, we had a good run. You know, what was it? Four? Five months? I mean, that's more than most people have in a lifetime! So, good-bye, take care, bye-bye then! (He kisses her and starts to climb out the balcony window)
Well, I think, I think Ross knows about me and Monica.
Look, we're not just messing around! I love her. Okay, I'm in love with her.
(entering) Hey.
I know. (He kisses her.)
No problem roomie. (She turns around and hugs him.)
Sure!
Little toast here. I know this isn't exactly the kind of Thanksgiving that all of you all planned, but for me, this has been really great, you know, I think because it didn't involve divorce or projectile vomiting. Anyway, I was just thinking, I mean, if you'd gone to Vail, and if you guys'd been with your family, if you didn't have syphilis and stuff, we wouldn't be all together, you know? So I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm very thankful that all of your Thanksgivings sucked.
Here, here!
Hello? It's Nancy, they responded to our offer.
(to Nancy) Okay, thanks... (to Monica) They passed. They said they wouldn't go a penny under the asking price.
I know.
That's okay, we understand.
Yeah... Well, it's a good thing we got it then.
We got the house.
I just didn't want to tell you in front of them.
We're getting the house. (they hug) We're getting the house.
We're growing up.
So who's gonna tell them?
Not it! Damn it!
You'll see.
Well, I didn't know how to tell you before, but... We got the house.
