Hey!
You look great. I'm so glad we're having this rehearsal dinner, you know, I so rarely get to practice my meals before I eat them.
No stupid jokes. I thought that was for the actual wedding.
(to Rachel) You know what I just realized? We have no idea what we're doing in the wedding tomorrow.
Heh.
This is like figure skating team all over again. (Phoebe and Ross glare at him astonished) I mean synchronized swimming. (they continue to glare) I mean- I mean the balance beam. (to Ross) Help me!
Thank you.
I know, I hate being left out of things.
Fine. We're just sitting here. Alone. Doing nothing. It's our rehearsal for tomorrow.
What happened?
(standing up too) M-Me-me-me!
Pick me, I look great in a tux and I will not steal focus.
Oh, I will. But I will need a mirror... as he is me!
You are going downer!
(almost crying) I wouldn't know, I didn't make it! (they hug)
Mike didn't tell you? You have to chose one of us to be in your wedding. One of his groomsmen fell out.
Just not enough to put us in the original wedding party.
Hey, can I talk to you about this groomsman thing? If you pick Ross, he'll walk you down the isle just fine. But if you choose me, you'll be getting some comedy!
Let me tell you why you need to pick me. (Goes to sit on the couch facing backwards to the kitchen. Rachel gets a chair and sits opposite him) See, when I was a kid, I was always left out of everything, you know, and it really made me feel... insecure. You know, I was always picked last in gym. Even behind that big fat exchange student who didn't even know the rules to baseball. I mean, this guy would strike out and then run to third. Anyway, If I'm the only one left out of this wedding, I just know that all those feelings are gonna come rushing back.
(Getting up and raising his fist in victory) Y-Y-YEEESSS! Make "groom" for Chandler.
How's it going?
(smiling to himself too) That's what I was doing too.
You too.
Me too.
I'm not supposed to tell you.
You told us both we could be in the wedding? (they both stare at Rachel)
Rach, Rach, knock knock.
I'll tell you at the wedding.
So technically, would this person be in the wedding?
I'll do it!
I'm not scared. (moves towards Mike and Chappy) I'll just take little Chappy and... (he backs out) HE CAN SENSE MY FEAR. MY THROAT IS EXPOSED.
(quickly) I'll do it.
(to Ross) Na ha ha... (to Chappy) Ne he he... (Ross moves Chappy to Chandler, who quickly backs away) Ah ah...
(to Monica) Is it okay that I want you to wear that head set in bed tonight?
Oh yeah! (Monica walks outside)
Ready?
Okay.
Wow! Aren't you gonna be cold?
You look beautiful.
That really was an incredible wedding.
I'd love to, but it's 2300 hours and I'm about to have the most organized sex anyone's ever had.
I don't know. Maybe he hooked up with that hot girl he was talking to.
