How did the job stuff go?
Or facing a bitch of a commute.
My boss said I might be getting a new lamp in my cubicle. (Monica looks at him and can't really place what he just said)
Well, it makes me feel sad, but...
I see.
Is this the best way to use one of your three magic wishes?
We close escrow tomorrow, so seeing another house can only confuse us, and we're easily confused. We're not very bright.
What do you think Pheebs?
Yeah.
You're kidding!
Oh yeah?
I know. *He* always wanted to be the first black man to cross the Atlantic.
Unless Snoopy says it to Charlie Brown, I think we're okay.
It feels like we’re cheating on our house. And if we’re gonna cheat, shouldn’t it be with like a hot, younger house, that does stuff that our house won’t do?
Sure.
And yet I never run into Beyonce!
(at Janice's punching) Don't, don't! (looks disgusted)
(To Monica and with bulging eyes) Why!?
This can not be happening!
The only way that that is going to happen, is if the other couple are the Hitlers.
That is a great idea! And by the way, I don't mean to sound distasteful, but when did you start crapping money!?
Alright alright, we still have three hours till escrow closes on our house. We can still get out.
Will we love it so much with her next door? And she's gonna be louder out here too. Just the crickets and (apes Janice's voice) "Oh My God"!
(looks afraid, but at the same time, knows she's right) Well, we have to do something. We can't have her living next door. (Janice's laughs loudly outside) Oh, that does it too. (Motions with his index finger like Monica did)
The Hitlers will be so disappointed.
Wait! I just want you to know that... I'm so happy you're going to be here.
Because... that way... we can pick up where we left off.
I never stopped loving you.
Yeah, yeah, yeah! I want you... I need you... I must have you Janice Litman Goralnik Neihosenstein.
Now that you live next door, we can be together every day. Sid and Monica never have to know a thing.
(stunned) Obviously.
Don't say that. Don't tangle the dream and take it away.
I understand.
(speaking as in pain) They're never coming down now.
