(lying on a beach towel, recapping what happened in the last episode) Okay, so we went to the beach, because Phoebe found out about this lady who knew her mom and dad, and I don’t really know what happened with that.
(voice-over) Oh, and then Monica joked that she wouldn’t go out with a guy like Chandler...
(voice-over) ...and he couldn’t let it go, and... I don’t really know what happened with that either.
(voice-over) Oh-oh! And then Ross’s new girlfriend, Bonnie, shows up and Rachel convinced her to save her head. And then Ross and Rachel kiss, and now Ross has to choose between Rachel and the bald girl and I don’t know what happened there either...
Y'know what, hold on, let me go get Chandler. (gets up and leaves.)
Whoa, wait, Pheebs, wait a second! Don’t you wanna stay here and talk about it?
(jumping up in a hole that he is digging, he is shoulder deep) Hey, you guys! Take a look at this! (Chandler and Monica jump up and go over to the hole.) Check this baby out, dug me a hole!
Oh no! No!! My hole!!
(climbing out of the hole) What?! What?!! What is it?!
Yeah, and I’m a little tired from digging the hole.
Well, there’s really only one thing you can do.
You’re gonna have to pee on it.
Don’t blame me, I saw it on The Discovery Channel.
If you want some privacy you can use my hole.
Me too.
No?
Sure, it’s hard to forget! But that doesn’t mean you have to talk about it! A lot of things happened on that trip that we should never, (to Chandler) ever talk about.
It’s between us and the sea, Ross!
Nope.
NO!!!
All right. (gets up)
Well, we have to say something! We have to get it out! It’s eating me alive!! Monica got stung by a jellyfish.
And I was tired from digging the huge hole!
I’d seen this thing on The Discovery Channel...
That’s right I stepped up! She’s my friend and she needed help! And if I had too, I’d pee on anyone of you! Only, uhh, I couldn’t. I got the stage fright. I wanted to help, but there was too much pressure. So-so I uh, I turned to Chandler.
(laughs) That’s ‘cause sometimes I just do it through my wall to freak you out.
