Whoa-whoa, Treeger made you cry?
I’m gonna go down there and teach that guy a lesson.
All right that’s it, school is in session! (Exits and slams the door.)
Hey! You hold on pal! Now you made my friend, Rachel, cry. So now, you’re gonna go up there and apologize to her, unless you want me to call the landlord.
Have you heard about a little something called, Not Making Girls Cry.
I have actually not heard of that.
Why don’t you tell me something I don’t know! (He storms out, and once Treeger closes the door behind him, Joey makes an ‘Oops!’ have.)
Well uh, I went down there and told him that no one treats my friends like that and that he’d better come up here and apologize. I’ll see you later. (Starts to leave)
He said that he wasn’t gonna apologize because you guys are living here illegally, so instead what he’s gonna do is have you evicted—I’ll see you later.
Well he made Rachel cry!
All right! I’ll try! But if I can’t, you can stay with Chandler and I until you get settled.
All right, all right, all right. (Starts to leave, stops, and turns around) I mean I’ll have to check with him first, but I’ll think he’ll be cool with it. (Monica shoos him out.)
Please don’t kick Monica and Rachel out, this wasn’t there fault, it was mine.
No you can’t do that, where would the chick and the duck live?
Noo-no-no, no, those are nicknames. I’m the chick and Chandler is the duck.
Come on man, just-just let the girls stay, I’ll do whatever you want.
Yeah-yeah, absolutely.
What, what is it?
That’s not, prison lingo, is it?
Yeah, there’s this superintendent’s dance, the Super Ball. I don’t know, and he wants to impress Marge, this lady super that he’s a crush on.
Well, he’s too shy, he doesn’t thing he’s good enough to dance with girls yet.
Aww, man, now we won’t be bank buddies!
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Like-like when I’m doing something exciting and I don’t wanna get too excited, I just ahh, y’know try to thing of other things like ah sandwiches, and ah baseball, and ah Chandler!
No-no, thank you.
All right, I’m here, let’s ahh, get this over with.
Whoa-whoa, don’t we need to do some kinda preparation first? Like ahh, get really drunk?
No, it’s okay, but if I’m Marge, my breasts are coming out my back.
Come on man, you’re not a potato.
Come on Treeger, don’t say that. You just ahh, you just need more practice. Here, come on, let’s ahh, let’s try it again. Come on. (they start dancing again) Plus, it was, it was probably mostly my fault, anyway. I mean, y’know, I’m not really that comfortable dancing with a—(Treeger throws him) We-he!! Hey!
Ah-ha-ha, you guys owe me big time. (He walks into the kitchen and does a little dance step on the way.)
What?
No I didn’t.
No, I’m not! And it wasn’t a hop it was a pademarie.
All right, well maybe I’m enjoying it a little bit. I mean I’m getting pretty good at it.
Hey-hey, hold on, this isn’t some kind of like girly dance. All right, it’s like a sport, it’s manly!
All right.
I don’t know how to lead.
What?!
(To Mr. Treeger) So you ah, ready for our last practice?
Look, you wanna use our place?
We did it!!
I know, it was amazing! I mean, we totally nailed it, it was beautiful.
Oh well, okay, good luck.
Unless you wanna practice the Foxtrot again? Or-or the Tango?
Okay.
Go get ‘em Treeger.
(intrigued) Really?
No, I’m good.
