Great! All right, so I’ll call you later.
That would be Casey. We’re going out tonight.
No, things are fine with Kathy. I’m having a late dinner with her tonight, right after my early dinner with Casey.
Yeah-yeah. And the craziest thing is that I just ate a whole pizza by myself! (Laughs)
Yeah. Why are you getting so upset?
What is the big deal? It’s not like we’re exclusive.
You got all that from the back of her head?
Who’s Elaine?
(on the other end at a pay phone) Hey, it’s me. Listen Casey and I were on our way back and had a little car trouble.
We broke down on the Parkway, so I have to walk back and get some transmission fluid. And hey, listen could you please tell Kathy that I’ll be there as soon as I can.
‘Cause I only have one quarter, and I think my time is about to—(he stops talking suddenly)
Yeah?
Me too, but I guess I do have a couple of more—(his time runs out for real)
(on phone) Hey dude, it’s me.
Listen uh, I’m really sorry, it looks like I’m gonna be stuck here for a while. I got the transmission fluid, but when I went to put it in the car, the transmission wasn’t there!
Yeah, it must’ve fallen out a few blocks back. I just figured we hit a dog.
Listen uh, could you put Kathy on, I wanna apologize.
Aww man! I can’t believe I locked myself out again! (He knocks on the door.)
(rushing in) Oh my God! What happened here? Did you do all this?
Why?
Well, you’re amazing.
(very excited) A TV as if it appears from nowhere! That’s the dream! Man, how did you afford this stuff?
Oh, you are the best friends anyone has ever had.
Oh-no-no-no, you are! You do this, you give me the great advice, and hey listen, I was thinking about what you said yesterday about focusing on one woman, I’m gonna do that.
No-no-no, I think I’m gonna see how things go with Kathy. She’s pretty cool.
No-no, Kathy.
No. No, Kathy.
Y’know what I think? I think somebody’s got a little crush on Casey. How ‘bout I fix you two up? What do you think?
Hey! Samboucha Margarita?
Well, we only had samboucha, so it is now.
What’s up?
You do?
Well, you’re timing couldn’t be better. She’s not my girlfriend anymore.
Yeah, she broke up with me.
Just now, after acting class. At first I thought she was doing some kind of scene, that’s why I let people watch.
Well, I’ve been better. But, I’m all right. So you like her huh?
No-no-no, no it’s uh, it’s okay.
Yeah. You know why? ‘Cause you came to me first.
But hey, listen just so you know, you might have you’re work cut out for you. ‘Cause when I talked to her, I kinda got the feeling that she’s into some other guy. So…
Who?
What?
And what?! Did you sleep with her?!
What?!! That’s even worse!!
I don’t know! But it’s the same!
Who cares?! You went behind my back! I would never do that to you!
Over the line?! You-you’re-you’re so far past the line, that you-you can’t even see the line! The line is a dot to you!
Is that why you bought all this stuff?! (Chandler makes a face like "Well, kinda.") Well, y’know what I will not watch your TV, I will not listen to your stereo, and there’s a cinnamon raisin loaf in the new bread maker that I’m not gonna eat! You know why?!
Because it’s all tainted with your betrayal. From now on this apartment is empty for me! And I’m not happy about you either. (The bread maker dings) Oh, and just so you know, I made that bread for you. (Joey walks into his bedroom and slams the door.)
