(entering with Ross) Hey! You guys! Check it out, check it out! (He’s wearing a blue blazer) Guess which job I got.
Oh, ah, tour guide at the museum. Yeah, Ross got it for me.
No, not really. They give you all the information, it’s uh, it’s like memorizing a script. (Making like a tour guide) "And on your left, you have Tyrannosaurus Rex, a carnivore from the Jurassic period.
Yeah but, I can pronounce Jurassic.
You’re really thinking about having sex with your brother?!
Huh.
No, Pheebs, listen, if you decide to do this, we’ll be supportive like crazy.
Okay, now the Mastodon is from the semi-late Jurassic period.
Shhh! This is a museum, no talking. Right down here, (Motions to a fossilised dinosaur foot.) we have a large foot. (Sees Ross working in one of the display cases.) Uhh, and over here we have Ross Geller. (Knocks on the glass) Everyone wave ‘Hi’ to Ross. Ross is one of our most important scientists, look at him, hard at work. (Ross does the old "Putting a cigarette in your ear and pulling it out of your mouth trick.") Okay, moving right along. Come on.
Uhh, do you mind sitting there. I’m-I’m saving this for my friend Ross.
Doctor? Wow! I didn’t know he had a nickname.
Well, how-how come?
That’s crazy.
I-I think everybody’s pretending they don’t hear you. Anyway, look, I don’t know about you and your jackets and your separate tables, but Ross is one of my best friends, and if I save him a seat, I’m telling you, he will sit in it! (Ross enters and goes over to the white table) Ross! Ross! Over here, man! I-I saved you seat.
It’s no big deal. Hey, y’know, you do what you gotta do. Right?
Whatever.
Look, Ross, really it’s-it’s no big deal. Y’know you wear a white coat, I wear a blue blazer, if that means we can’t be friends at work, then so be it. Y’know, hey I understand. Y’know? Hey, when I’m in a play and you’re in the audience, I don’t talk to you, right? So it’s y’know, it’s uh, it’s cool. I’ll see you tomorrow. (Leaves)
(standing up) I will sit with you Dr. Geller. (He goes over to his table and they shake hands.)
(stands up, and throws his coat on the floor) I’m Joey! I’m an actor! I don’t know squat about dinosaurs!
Yeah, you hang in there Teddy!
