(entering) Hey! (Goes to the fridge.)
(Holding a turkey leg) There’s gravy?
I think I left a donut up here.
Hey!
(to Ross) That-that is a good trick.
Chandler, look they’re actors. They’re there to do a job, just ‘cause they work together, doesn’t mean they’re gonna get together. I mean just ‘cause it happened with Susan Sarandon and Tim Robbins, it doesn’t mean it’s gonna happen with them.
Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman.
Okay look, look, let me ask you a question, when they were doing it on stage, was it like really hot?
Well okay, so then you’re fine. The rule is when two actors are actually doing it off-stage all the sexual tension between them is gone. Okay? So as long as it’s hot onstage you got nothing to worry about. It’s when the heat goes away, that’s when you’re in trouble.
Look, you guys have been to every play I’ve ever been in, have I ever had chemistry on stage?
Noooo!!
Hey Mon! Want some pancakes?
Yep! Grab a plate.
No-no, stay right there. (Monica stops and Joey flips her a pancake, which flies over her head and lands in the living room.) Gettin’ closer.
Listen also we’re uh, we’re watching the game here Saturday night, if people want to come over.
Oh yeah, who’s playing?
All right Pheebs, stick out your plate!
I don’t know, it smells good.
(Holding a magazine) Wow! The new Playboy!
Come here.
Oh, yeah, totally! That’s such a turn-on!
Oh-ooh, that’s the turn-on.
Oh-oh-oh-oh, how I do it is, I look a woman up and down and say, "Hey, how you doin’?"
(to Phoebe) Hey, how you doin’?
Well, you gotta give him something that he can’t say no too. Like uh, Knicks tickets! Invite the guy to a Knicks game, you’re guaranteed he’ll say yes!
Absolutely! And if it doesn’t, can I get the extra ticket?
What the heck is that?
No! Forget her, man! You don’t need her, you don’t need that!
Dude, tell me she actually told you this.
Whoa-whoa, that-that was just a theory! There’s a lot of theories that didn’t pan out. The lone gunman. Communism. Geometry.
Okay, for next time, what do you say?
What’s ready?
I don’t know, it looks the same.
Oh yeah!
How’d it go?
