Guggly worm.
Glow-pop giggly jammer.
(examining it) Ohh, a hunk of sandwich from last year. (Monica drops the sandwich)
(going over and picking up the rod) That’s all right. Hey you guys, you know what’s going to be great about the fishing trip this year? When my dad gets me out in the middle of the lake and gives me that, "Joey, what are you doing with your life?" stuff. I can say, "Well, I’m doing a movie with Charlton Heston dad. What are you doing with your life?"
Look, there’s nothing I can do for him right now, he’s still in his sweat pants, that’s still Phase One. Y'know? I’ll be back for Phase Two, I would never miss Phase Two.
Gettin’ drunk and going to a strip club.
Which helps him get to Phase Three, picturing yourself with other women.
Yeah.
(entering) Hey-hey!
Oh my God, you guys have no idea.
Yeah, three days on the lake without a shower. Plus! I fell in that big tub of worms at the bait stand! Hey, how-how’s he doing?
(goes over to Chandler) Hey buddy! How’s it going?
(To the rest of the gang) Hey, see that? He just needed his pal to come home. All right, uh, I’ve got to go memorise my lines. (Starts to go his bedroom) Me and Charlton Heston bright and early tomorrow morning! Yeah-yeah!
(running from his bedroom) Oh my God! I overslept! I was supposed to be on the set a half an hour ago! I gotta get out of here!
Look, I know I feel asleep before I could shower and now I don’t have time! They’re just ten blocks away, if I run, I can make it.
(rushing in) Hey! Joey Tribbiani! I’m here! I’m here!
Look at that, Charlton Heston eating a liquorice whip!
(trying to act like he’s not the one that stinks.) Whoa! Yeah, what the hell is that? What smells so bad?
Y’know, I can see why you think that, but ah, actually, you know who I think it is?
No-no, it’s uh, it’s Heston.
Yeah, the man wreaks! Smells like he went on a three day fishing trip and then ate some liquorice.
Really, a shower huh? And uh, which-which room might that be?
Interesting.
How ya doin’?
I guess you wouldn’t believe me if I said I was Kurt Douglas, huh?
No-no-no, no, no, wait. You see, I’m an actor, Joey Tribbiani, I’m doing a scene with you today, and well, I stink.
Yeah-yeah, I’m one of the cops that won’t work with you ‘cause you a lose cannon. Anyway, look, I’m really sorry, but I stink!
Yeah.
Oh no-no-no, you don’t understand…
Oh yeah, yeah.
Yes sir! Yes sir, I’m-I’m—(he starts to leave)
Yeah. Oh, yeah.
I don’t wanna.
I wanted to go to the strip club!
Yeah, all right. (Ross enters.)
