Hey!
Whoa-whoa-whoa! Before you start handing out wedding rings and planning bachelor parties, don’t you have to decide who your best man is gonna be?
What?! He got to do it at your first wedding!
Come on Ross! Look, I-I don’t have any brothers; I’ll never get to be a best man!
(pause) I’ll never get to be a best man!
(impatiently tapping Chandler on the shoulder) What about me?! You-you just said I could!
I can’t believe you’re not picking me.
Yes! (to Chandler) Shame about you man.
(entering) Hey!
Do you guys have like a big bowl I can borrow?
(grabs it) Thanks.
Oh, we’re having a big party tomorrow night. Later! (Starts for the door.)
Nooo, later. (Walks out the door.)
Oh, it’s Ross’s bachelor party.
Are you bachelors?
Are you strippers?
Then you’re not invited. (Starts for the door again.)
Oh-whoa, what party?
Baby shower. Wow! That sounds sooo like something I don’t want to do! Later! (Finally, he makes his exit.)
This is what I’ve got going for the party so far, liquor wise. Get a lot of liquor.
Okay, now uh, in terms of the invite list, I’ve got you, me, and Chandler and I’m gonna invite Gunther ‘cause, well, we’ve been talking about this pretty loud.
All right—oh! Listen, I know this is your party, but I’d really like to the number of museum geeks that are gonna be there.
Okay! We’ll need a six-pack of Zima.
You got it.
Well, there’s gonna be strippers there. He didn’t say anything about no strippers.
Oh, I chose not to hear that.
Yeah?
Oh-whoa-wait, Gunther don’t-don’t forget your shirt. (He gives Gunther his shirt and Gunther leaves.)
Oh, little party favours, check it out! (It’s a shirt that reads, "Ross Geller, Bachelor Bash 1998")
Oh-oh! (Shows him what’s on the back, "Best Man Joey Tribbiani, with a huge picture of him.)
Oh, hey, don’t forget your shirt.
Okay, hey, museum geeks, party’s over. Okay. Wave bye-bye to the nice lady. There you go. Back to your parent’s basement. All right. (The museum geeks exit and Joey unlocks his door and lets the chick and the duck out.) Come on boys, come on out! Here you go. All right.
Yeah!
Oh yeah-yeah. And I got the duck totally trained. Watch this. Stare at the wall. (The duck complies.) Hardly move. (The duck complies.) Be white. (The duck complies.)
Oh thanks. Thanks. It was great meetin’ ya. And listen if any of my friends gets married, or have a birthday, or a Tuesday…
Oh unless you uh, you wanna hang around.
Yeah. I’ll let you play with my duck.
Hey, (realises he doesn’t know her name.) stripper! (He notices that the ring box is open, so he picks it up, sees it’s empty and starts to panic.)
(running and banging on Chandler’s door) The stripper stole the ring!! The stripper stole the ring!! Chandler! Chandler, get up! Get up! The stripper stole the ring!
The ring is gone!
Dude, this isn’t funny! What am I gonna do?! I go to bed last night, everything’s cool! I wake up this morning, the stripper’s gone and the ring is gone!
Of course!! (Shrugs.)
Ugh! I don’t know what I’m going to do! I called the company that sent and th-they don’t care! Then I called 9-1-1 and they laughed at me, if this isn’t an emergency, then what is?
Hey…
So uh, hey, that uh, that wedding ring, huh? Man, that’s nice!
I was uh, I was thinking I might want to pick one of those babies up for myself, I might want to get one of those…
(laughs, softly) Yeah, the stripper stole it.
Dude, I screwed up, you don’t have to turn me in!
Oh, yeah, well I already did that! They said they’re gonna look into it right after they solved all the murders.
I did that too! They wouldn’t give me her real name or her number. They said, "If I bothered them again they’d call the police." I said, "If you talk to the police, you tell them I’m missing a ring!"
Look Ross, I am so-so sorry. I-I-I…
Oh, that sounds like fun, but we’ve got a ring to find!!
All right, okay, this is great, uh, Chandler, you get behind the desk. And-and when she comes in hopefully, she won’t recognise you because, well, why would she? Uh, okay, and then you buzz Ross and I. (to Ross) You be Mr. Gonzalez, and I’ll be uh, Mr. Wong.
There was a ring, in a box, on my nightstand, after you left, it was gone!
I don’t get it! It was in my room all night! And if she didn’t take it, and I didn’t take it; and you (Chandler) didn’t take it, then who did? (The duck quacks.) Shh! We’re trying to think! (Ross and Chandler realise it at the same moment and stare at Joey, who doesn’t get it. After a short pause, with the duck still quacking, Joey figures it out and starts pointing at the duck.)
If anything should happen to him…
So! Things can go wrong! You don’t know! What if he doesn’t make it?!
Yeah, but what if he doesn’t? He’s such a good duck.
I’m so worried about him, y’know?
H-h-h-how’s the duck?
Ohh, great! Oh hey, listen Ross, thanks for being so cool about this.
No, it’s not. I mean you-you made me your best man and I totally let you down!
Yeah, it is! You wouldn’t have lost the ring, right? Y’know what, Ross you were right from the start, he (Chandler) should be your best man.
Now, don’t argue with me…
Really?
(starting to cry) I gotta go check something over here. (He walks away so that they can’t see him cry.)
