Hey.
Monica and I are engaged.
Thanks.
(To Ross) Okay, you get her in here. (To Joey) You bolt the door. I’ll be in the closet.
It’s okay, I want this to be your night too. (Raises his class.) To Monica.
To Monica!
So when you said, "Get up early," did you mean 1986?
Okay.
Know what I mean?
There’s gonna be a wedding. You’re gonna be the bride. Two hundred people are going to be looking at you in a clean white dress.
(motioning with his hands) I’m not worried, I’m uh, I’m fascinated. Y’know it’s like uh, Biology! Which is funny because in high school I uh, I-I failed Biology and tonight Biology failed me. (Exits as Phoebe enters from her room with her guitar.)
Sure, you guys don’t have this problem, you’re made of wood. (Rachel comes out of the bathroom) Hey!
You look great!
You okay over there?
Oh, don’t worry about it I mean you probably were tired, you had a lot of champagne, it happens to everybody.
(putting his hands up) Take whatever you want, just please don’t hurt me.
Yes, on a scale from 1 to 10, 10 being the dumbest a person can look, you are definitely 19.
Young! You’re a man-child okay?! Now go get changed because everybody’s ready and please, oh please, keep my underwear!
Joe?
Uhh, you’ve had a lot of sex right?
Well, it’s just the reason that I’m asking is because I kind of eh, uh, I was unable to—I mean I really wanted too, but I couldn’t…. There huh—hmm, there-there was an incident.
It’s happened to you?
Well, what’d you do?
(angrily) I don’t think that’s what they were talking about Joe!!
What?!
Yes, you can pass for 19.
Yes!
Seriously? Seriously, no! You can play your own age which is 31!
Now Monica, I know you’re upset, but don’t forget. There is going to be a wedding, you are going to throw the bouquet, and then there’s going to be a honeymoon, maybe in Paris.
We will take a moonlit walk on the Rue de la (mumbles something).
Then we will sprinkle rose pedals on the bed and make love. Not just because it’s romantic, but because I can!
Okay, don’t say anything, you might scare it away.
It’s Paris, who knows we’re here!
Pheebs, we’re not giving you a deposit for our wedding!
Oh, give her the deposit! Give her the ring! I don’t care!
What a great apology! (To Monica) And you accept! Okay, bye-bye!
(entering) Ahh, third base.
(To Ross) Why to save your dignity my man.
Well, somebody should. (Monica glares at him.)
How is that ever going to happen?!
(To Ross) I don’t care, she slept with me.
Thanks.
(interrupting her just in time) Hey! Here’s a dollar, consider it a deposit. Please sing at our wedding.
Okay. (Goes back to bed.)
