What’s the matter honey?
(incredulous) Already?!
Oh, I got some thoughts on that.
What in God’s name is that?!
Well, you couldn’t get them anyway. Ian doesn’t plan anymore and Derrick… (Off of Rachel and Monica’s looks) And Derrick is a name I shouldn’t know.
Why are you napping over here instead of over at your place?
Now, do I get to look at this book or is it just for people who are actually involved in the wedding?
Okay.
Centerpieces!
Definitely roses. (Monica and Rachel exchange a look.) Well, I just think they’re a little more weddingy. (Monica holds the Lily picture closer to him.) But Lilies are the clear choice.
Uh-huh!
Oh yeah, I should probably call them.
Oh, I don’t think I ever heard that story.
What a sweet story.
Clearly I did not start drinking enough at the start of the meal. (Starts to make up for lost time and takes a big swig of his drink.)
I don’t know, my mother spent most of her money on her fourth wedding. She’s saving the rest for her divorce. And any extra cash my father has he saves for his yearly trips to (Pause) Dollywood.
Honey, it’s gonna be okay.
Look, it really is gonna be okay. The important thing is that we love each other and that we’re gonna get married.
Well, I have some.
Well, close to… (Notices Rachel leaning in to hear and decides to write it on a piece of paper and hand it to Monica as Phoebe averts her eyes.)
Well, you’re not suggesting that we spend all of the money on the wedding?
Well, come on, I’ve been saving this money for six years and I kinda had some of it earmarked for the future, not just for a party.
No, I realize that honey, but I’m not gonna spend all of the money on one party.
Look, I understand, but I have to put my foot down. Okay? The answer is no.
Yes, I am!
Hey.
Ehh.
Look, I thought about it too, and I’m sorry. I think we should spend all of the money on the wedding.
Yeah, I’m putting my foot down. Yeah look, when I proposed I told you that I would do anything to make you happy, and if having the perfect wedding makes you happy then, then that’s what we’re gonna do.
Eh, forget about the future and stuff! So we only have two kids, y’know? We’ll pick our favorite and that one will get to go to college.
Yeah.
Uh, four, a boy, twin girls and another boy.
Well, stuff like where’d we live, y’know? Like a small place outside the city, where our kids could learn to ride their bikes and stuff. Y’know, we could have a cat that had a bell on it’s collar and we could hear it every time it ran through the little kitty door. Of course, we’d have an apartment over the garage where Joey could grow old.
Sure you do.
You sure?
I love you so much.
Oh yeah, totally!
