Hey, you guys!
So, what do you think?
Are you kidding? Okay, I’ll give you a hint; I’ll give you a hint. (Points to his glasses.)
I got glasses!
No I didn’t!
No!
Really?
(sitting down on the arm of her chair) You didn’t think I used to wear glasses, right?
That’s okay Pheebs, we’re not having a party or anything, so you don’t have to get us…
What we want honey.
Dying people say the craziest things.
Our kids are gonna be fat aren’t they.
Hey! How’s the boat?!
Well, it’s good that you finally have a place to do that.
Do you know what I was thinkin’?
Nothing, I just like to go like this. (Does it again.)
Uh why, do you have a lecture?
Then free as a bird. What’s up?
Well, did-did you correct him?
Oh no problem, maybe I’ll play with my left hand.
Does anybody know me?!
Don’t worry about it Pheebs.
An old cookie?
We can’t accept this.
‘Cause it’s gross.
Okay, we owe you a present.
I will tell the story! It was going great. I let him win. We were bonding. He even said I could call him dad.
Daddy. All right look, here’s the story. (Flashback to Chandler about to enter the steam room as he does the voice-over.) Well, we had just finished playing racquetball and we were gonna take a steam. I walk into the steam room and it was really steamy. (The flashback shows his glasses fog up and him trying to find his way around the steam filled room. He takes off his glasses.) So I take off my glasses and that’s when in happened.
Guys?
I know.
Why do they put so much steam in there?!
Why? Okay? Why? Wh-wh-why did that have to happen?
Not that big a deal? There…there was touching of things.
I don’t want him to tell this story for years.
If that is your father calling to tell this story then the marriage is off!
(getting up) All right, I’m off to see your dad.
Look, I figured I would try to convince him not to tell the story anymore, and I figure the best way to do that is face to face—And by face I don’t mean his lap. And by face, I don’t mean my ass. (Exits.)
So you understand, I’d feel a lot more comfortable if you didn’t tell people what happened. Y’know, I’m a little…I’m a little embarrassed about it.
What did you do when they found out?
So I guess we wear swimsuits in here!
