Die Hard still great!
What’d you rent?
(looking at the tape) Joey, this is Die Hard 1 again.
Yeah, I just got uh, got plans.
No, see the thing is I want to get out of here before Joey gets all worked up and starts calling everybody bitch.
That’s sweet.
So uh, what did this woman look like?
Well, is there any chance you were looking into a bright, shiny thing called a mirror?
No, no I only dated two girls in college, both blonde, both not attractive… (Thinks a little while.) Hold on one second; let me check this out. (He gets up and grabs a photo album.
Well, let’s see… (Finding the picture he wants.) Okay uh, is that her? (Pointing to the picture.)
Julie Grath, my camp girlfriend.
(pause) No, we’re still together. Yeah we went out for two summers, and then I broke up with her.
Well, ‘cause she came back the third summer and she’d gotten really fa-aa-aw-ow…
I did not say fat! I said, "Fa-aa-aw-ow…"
Yeah. Yeah, but it was a really, really long time ago! Does she still feel bad?
Well, you know what they say, elephants never forget. (Monica is not amused by that statement.) Seriously, good luck marrying me.
Can you figure out what I’m doing?
Who?
Because you kept talking to him while he was trying to go to the bathroom?!
What? Are you kidding? That was like 16 years ago.
Okay, I will do it. But I have to warn you; this may make me a better person and that is not the man you feel in love with!
(she opens the door) Julie hi! Chandler Bing, I, I guess you remember me.
(To Monica) It’s a nickname, I’ll explain later.
Ah, uh, I owe you a long overdue apology. I never should have broken up with you because you were overweight.
You-you-you didn’t know that. (Pause as she nods no.) Well, I guess my work here is done!
As bad as that went I actually enjoyed myself. I think that I’m going to apologize for all of the stupid things I do.
I would really love it if could do both.
What?
What?!
A hundred and forty-five pounds.
Look I know it was a stupid reason to break up with somebody, but I was 15!
Okay. Okay, now wait a minute that was totally different.
You were not supposed to hear that! I said that behind you back!
Look you have to realize I don’t think of you as a thin, beautiful woman. (Monica glares at him.) See this is one of things that I can apologize for later! Look, what I mean is you’re Monica! Okay? And I am in love with Monica.
So you can balloon up or you can shrink down and I will still love you.
I’d carry you around in my pocket.
Skidmark’s still got a way with the ladies.
