No, no, no. No-no-no.
No, we're playing this game I learned at work. You have to name all the states in six minutes.
Now, that's a lot harder than it sounds. You always forget at least one, or in some cases... fourteen (looks over to Monica).
Oh, okay, time's up!
Oh that's not bad, Pheebs?
Okay, so Rachel's got 48 and Phoebe has the lead in…vegetables, Joey?
Does South Oregon have a sports-team? (Joey strikes one from his list) There you go.
Oooh that may be a New World's record (Looks at his watch and picks up Ross' pad)
Uh, Magellan? You got 46 states. (Smiles and hands Ross back his pad)
I am only one man! (Monica heads out) Okay Ross, time is up!
Look Ross, if you don't know them by now, you will never know them, okay? That is the beauty of this game. It makes you want to kill yourself.
Okay, but if you can't…no dinner!
Sure, and Joey; do not let Ross look at any of the maps or the globe in your apartment.
I don't know. Maybe it's because it smells a little weird. It's like old pumpkins or something.
Which smells delicious!
What?
Tell her, I'm allergic, and I will sue!
Huh! Where is the dog?!
Phoebe, we can hear the dog barking!
What is it doing here?
Extremely allergic, okay? If I'm anywhere near a dog for more than 5 minutes, my throat will just close up!
(gasping) Really?
Well, it still has to go, right?
Okay, it's um…
(to Joey) I have to! Okay? It's time! (Joey shrugs as if to say, "Do what you have to do") Okay, I hate dogs.
They are needy, they are jumpy, and you can't tell what they are thinking, and that scares me a little bit.
(scared) Is there a puppy here?
(to Tag) Okay, you are new!
Okay, it's just that dogs make me a little uncomfortable.
And I don't wanna say this, I don't you guys to hate me, but uh, I don't think, I can be around that dog anymore. Okay, so either the dog goes, or I go. (An awkward silence ensues.) Oh my god!!
(comes out of the bathroom) Here I am.
How did you…know? (Heads back into the bathroom)
(comes out of the bathroom) Where's Monica?
Why not?
Well, I, I should go in there.
Why not?
This is ridiculous. (He heads for Phoebe's bedroom)
Monica's all upset, because I sent Clunkers away.
Yeah, I can be a hero, I could do that. I could, I could do... I, w-w-what if, what if it attacks me?
And that doesn't scare you? (He walks out)
No, no he went for a walk.
Please, please, please, don't be mad at me.
Okay, I went over to Ross' apartment to bring back Clunkers. Y’know, for you, and…(Clears his throat) I left the door open and she must have gotten out and I looked everywhere, all over the apartment, including the roof, which FYI Ross, one of your neighbors, growing weed. I couldn't find him, and I am so, so, so, sorry. But I do know where we could all go ease the pain. (Points up and then over to the street)
Clunkers?! Oh my god!
(to Clunkers) It is so good to see you!
It's up to you.
All right.
You got it. (Starts looking at the pad, while Ross got the turkey out of the fridge and starts to unwrap and it) You got Nevada twice.
Yeah. (Throws the pad on the table and heads for the bedroom)
