Buh-bye. (Hangs up the phone) I just got us reservations at Michelle’s and tickets to the Musicman to celebrate our first holiday season as a betroughed couple.
…betrothed couple.
Hey!
Pheebs?
Skull?
How long have we been home?
Lovely!
Hey, you know what I was thinking? When we get married, are you gonna change your last name to Bing?
Why not?
Hey!
Ohh! You guys gonna be living together again?
Well, she's just so much fun with Joey, I just assumed, she'd still be living with him.
No reason, except…she…told…me.
No! No, she didn't say that. I-I-I think you should talk to Monica now.
Bing doesn't seem so weird now, does it?
(to the Maitre d') Hi, could we get two burritos to go, please? (Laughs.)
Forty-five minutes? We have tickets to the Musicman at 8:00.
Is this because of the burrito thing?
Give him money? It was a joke!
Right, calm down, O'Mally. I'll slip him some money.
Hey, I can be smooth. (Walks back to the Maitre d', very smoothly) Listen, we're a little bit in a hurry, so, if you can get us a table a little quicker, I'd appreciate it. (Shakes his hand)
Okay. (Walks back to Monica)
Had the money in the wrong hand. (Shows her his left hand with the money in it)
How do you know so much about this?
Richard used to do it, didn't he?
Mustached bastard…
(walks up to the Maitre d') Excuse me...
(finds his money) Ahh-hahaha! (Turns around to give the Maitre d' his money, but he isn't there anymore)
Thank you Gunther, put it there. (He gets up, and shakes Gunther's hand. A bunch of coins fall out his hand. He sits down next to Monica.) Definitely not easier with coins. (Joey gets up and picks up the coins. Chandler thinks, Joey is just helping him to pick them up.) Thank you.
Hey Pheebs!
If you wanna give Joey a Christmas present that disrupts the entire building, why not get him something a little bit more subtle, like a wrecking ball, or a vile of small pox to release in the hallway?
(entering in a Santa costume) Ho, ho, ho! Merry Christmas!
Hey! (Grunts as Ben hits him at full speed.)
Well, I'm here to see my old buddy Ben. What are you doing here, weird…turtle-man?
What?
You bet I did, Ben, put it there! (He shakes Ben's hand, but the money falls out of his hands) (to Monica) Well, it would have worked this time, if his hands weren't so damn small! (Realizes, that Ben is standing right there) Ho, ho, ho!
You called everyone and said you were having trouble finding a Santa costume, so I borrowed one from a guy at work!
Why?
But I didn't get to shape my belly like a bowl full of jelly.
Fine, I'll give the suit back.
Santa? Really?
Did your Dad ever dress up like Santa?
Then it's okay! (They kiss.)
Because, if Santa and the Holiday…Armadillo? (Ross nods) ...are ever in the same room for too long the universe will implode. Merry Christmas!
Well, I'll stay, but only because I wanna hear about Hanukkah. Ben, will you sit here with Santa and learn about Hanukkah?
My favorite part was when Superman flew all the Jews out of Egypt. (Glaring at Joey who’s nodding.)
