Oh! Right. Umm, maybe that’s because I didn’t send him an invitation.
I don’t even know the man. Okay? We’re not the close. I haven’t seen him in years.
Well he doesn’t have to know! It’s not like we run in the same circles. I hang out with you guys, and he stars in a drag show in Vegas.
Trust me, you don’t want him there either. Okay? Nobody is gonna be staring at the bride when the father of the groom is wearing a back-less dress.
What’s this?
Are you serious?! I mean like eloping?! No more stupid wedding stuff?! No more these flowers or these flowers or these flowers—Think of the money we’ll save!! (Monica just looks at him.) We’re not eloping. I love the flowers. Can our wedding be bigger please?
Y’know we already went over this and I won!
Look forget it okay? I don’t want to go. I don’t want to see him. I don’t wanna.
No-no all kids are embarrassed by their parents, you’d have to come up with a whole new word for what I went through. When I was in High School, he used to come to all of my swim meets dressed as a different Hollywood starlet. Y’know it’s hard enough to be fourteen. You’re skinny. You’re wearing speedoes—That your mom promised that you would grow into! And you look up into the stands and there’s your dad cheering you on dressed as Carmen Miranda. We was wearing a headdress with real fruit that he will later hand out to your friends as a healthy snack!
He had sex with Mr. Girabaldi!
Does it matter?!
Yeah o-okay, but I’m just doing this for you.
So I really never get to win anymore?
Yeah, I just ordered a beer! (Pounds the table.)
No! No! I don’t want him to know we’re yet! I’m not sure I’m ready for that. And besides he’s not gonna be too happy to see me either.
I don’t know if I’ve told you this, but he’s kinda tried to get in contact with me a lot over the last few years
Yeah, he’s made phone calls, written letters, he even came to New York, but I always said I was too busy to see him. Y’know it’s all very Cats in the Cradle—I don’t want to get into it. (The show starts.) Here we go.
And there’s daddy!
Believe me, I’ve been saying that for years. Oh my God!
That’s Mr. Girabaldi playing the piano.
He’s coming into the audience. He’s coming into the audience.
It can’t happen like this. Okay? I’ll meet you back at the hotel.
(resigning himself to his fate) Chandler. (He quickly sits down.)
Oh, they’re a hoot.
Actually Monica and I are engaged.
Wait! Wait! We’d really love it if you could be there.
I know it would make me happy, ma’am.
Yeah. Thanks for making me do this.
(To Monica) When I was growing up I…played the one on the far left.
