I'm tellin' ya that girl totally winked at me.
Morning, hey, you made pancakes?
(sarcastically) Good morning.
(under his breath) Kiss her! Kiss her!
B-bye Janice. So when ya' dumpin' her.
Come on, quite yankin' me.
This is Janice.
Okay. All right. You look me in the eye and tell me, without blinking, that you're not breaking up with her. No blinking.
(entering) Their not breaking up. Chandler and Janice. Their not breaking up. He didn't blink or anything.
Cute! This is Janice! You remember Janice?
There you go! That's the spirit I'm looking for! What can we do? Huh? All right who's first? Huh? Ross?
Yeah, we'll call that Plan B. All right?
Wheel!
Fortune! This guy is so stupid. (yelling) It's Count Rushmore!!
I say, 'I am there!' Cool! Aw, is Ross going to?
Jan-ice. 'Cause I, just, I feel bad for Ross, you know, we-we always go together, we're like the three hocke-teers.
No, Yeeees. God, how do I say this. (walks into the kitchen, Chandler follows closely, he turns around and gets startled). Oh, hi, you know that girl from the Greek restaurant with the hair (holds his hands up to signify she has big hair)?
Look, I don't hate Janice, she's-she's just a lot to take, you know.
Oh, hey. Come on man, don't look at me like that, she used to drive you nuts before too, remember?
Look, what do you want me to say?
I can't. It's like this chemical thing, you know. Every time she starts laughing, I just wanna (grimaces and tenses up) pull my arm off just so that I can have something to throw at her.
Yeah, then-then who's the guy that painted the faces on the mountain? (Chandler gives him a look like 'You stupid idiot!')
I, ah, I never said hate, I was very careful about that.
And you got a 'hate' from that?! Your taking a big leap there...
But what does that gonna do...
Okay. I'm in.
Does it have to be a whole day?
Yeah, I know, I sleep in the next room.
Hey!
Yeah, yeah. We went to a Mets game, we got Chinese food, and you know, I love this woman. You have got competition buddy.
I'm sorry man, I tired, I really did.
But, hey, look, you know the good thing is, is that we spent the whole day together and I survived, and what's even more amazing, so did she. It was bat day at Shea Stadium.
No man, that's huge! Now, I know I can stand to be around her, which means I get to hang out with you, which is kinda the whole point, anyway.
Oh, hey, Chandler, we, ah, we stopped by the coffee shop and ran into Ross.
Hey, if it makes you feel any better, I do it too.
Oh yeah, I always picture your Mom when I'm having sex.
