(from bedroom) WHOAA!!
Hey.
No, I gotta wear this thing for a couple weeks. (points to the sling he is wearing)
Nooo. I had a story all worked out but then Chandler sold me out.
What is this? Fruit?
Whoa, jam! I love jam! (to Chandler) Hey, how come we never have jam at our place?
This will just be my batch.
Remember when you where a kid and your Mom would drop you off at the movies with a jar of jam and a little spoon?
(with food in his mouth) You talked to him. Are you crazy?
(with his mouthful) Hey, I didn't stalk her. I mean (he sprays Phoebe with crumbs)
Aww. (tastes it) Ohh!
Put your hands together.
No more jam?!
Check it out!! Jam crackers!
Yeah, the Knicks rule!
Let me see. (goes over and looks at the form) Oh, right.
Well, right after I did that sex study down at NYU. (to Chandler) Hey, Remember that sweater I gave you for your birthday?
Noooo, that's what I was wearing when I donated. I'm kinda surprised there's any of my boys left.
Maybe, I should call this place and get them to put my 'Days of Our Lives' on here. You know, juice this puppy up a little.
Orrr, you could follow him and see where he goes.
Hey.
Where you going?
Sperm or regular?
So you're really doing this, huh?
Sounds nice.
No kiddin', hmm.
No, I-I figured you would've picked a blond guy.
I don't know, I just always pictured you ending up with one of those tall, smart blond guys, name like.... Hoyt.
It's a name, yeah. I saw you, you know, in this great house with a big pool.
He's got the body for it.
You guys have one of those signs that says: 'We don't swim in your toilet, so don't pee in our pool.', you know.
Sure you do, it was a gift from me. Oh! And you have these three great kids.
Yeah!
Sure! (Monica gets very depressed) But hey, you know this way sounds good too.
Oh Monica. (goes over and hugs her, then looks at the form and stops hugging her.) Wow, this guy's an astronaut. That would've been cool, (sees Monica) for like a day. (hugs her again).
I called the sperm bank today, they haven't sold a single unit of Tribianni. Nobody wants my product. I mean, I-I-I don't get it (tries to drink the rest of the jam out of the jar and gets it all over his face, on his chin, nose, etc.) Maybe if they met me in person.
(wipes a little jam from the corner of his mouth) Did I get it?
