You guys, can we please not watch this all right.
(on tv) Oh, you said it Mike. (rips open the carton and spills milk on the counter) Aw! There's got to be a better way!
Can we please turn this off?
(on TV, finishing installing the Milk Master 2000) Wow, it is easy. (starts to poor the milk) Now, I can have milk everyday.
(entering) Hey!
Maybe you can tell me. My agent would like to know why I didn't show up at the audition I didn't know I had today. The first good thing she gets me in weeks. How could you not give me the message?!
How is it you?
Yep, that's my audition.
Well, Estelle tried, you know. The casting director told her that I missed my chance.
Pheebs, you can't do that. The casting director doesn't talk to friends, she only talks to agents.
What, what are you doing? What are you doing?
Hang up, hang up. (reaches with his good arm, but Phoebe grabs it and he tries to reach the phone with his other arm but can't because of the sling.)
I love that movie. (Joey is using it as a pillow)
I'm sorry, it just felt nice.
Hey, I only got one good arm, you know. You should be doing stuff for me. Go get me a sweater.
Hey, you know about that?!
Well, I've never been through the tunnel myself, 'cause as I understand it, you're not allowed to go through with more than one girl in the car, right. But, it seems to me it's pretty much like anything else, you know, face your fear. It have a fear of heights, you go to the top of the building! If you're afraid of bugs.....get a bug. Right. In this case, you have a fear of commitment, so I say you go in there and be the most committed guy there ever was.
Oh, yeah. Go for it man, jump off the high dive, stare down the barrel of the gun, pee into the wind!
Come on baby, come on!
Thank you so much.
You were amazing, could you just do me this huge favor, you see there's this one other audition that I really, really want, and Estelle couldn't get me in.
Come on, please, it'll be just this one more, well actually it's two.
Yeah! Well, well really it's three. Please. You're so good at it. I love you.
Nooo, four.
(entering) G. I. Joe! Cool! Can I play?
Go Joe!!!
Pheebs! There you are!
But Phoebe, wait! Wait! Phoebe. Phoebe! (catches her in the hallway)
Look listen, that TV movie I went in for? Did you hear anything? I think I got a shot at it.
It's okay, these things happen.
I'm, I'm okay. See. (tries to smile, but fails horribly)
No! No, no you can't quit! You're the best agent I ever had! Look Pheebs, rejection is part being an actor, you can't take it personally.
They actually said that?
No, no, no, see that's why you have to do this job, agents always lie. You know, Estelle just says stuff like 'They went another way', but this, I can use this. (in a very bad Italian accent) I canna work on a new accent.
Okay, shoot.
I didn't get it?
Okay, what else?
Oh.
Look, it's okay, no, no, no, really, look um, I really appreciate this Pheebs, but I think I'm gonna have to go back to Estelle.
Yeah, well don't get me wrong, you're a better agent than she is, but at least with her I don't want to blow my pretty dumb brains out.
You do, thanks.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute, did you just make up all that stuff just to get out of being my agent.
(in a really, really bad Italian accent) That's-ah what I suspected-ah.
