Question. Was ah, ‘Egg the Gellers!’ the war cry of your neighbourhood?
Booo!!
(entering) Hey, you guys!
Guess what?
I got a gig!
Well, it’s not a part, no. I’m teaching acting for soap operas down at the Learning Extension.
Yeah, yeah. It’s like my chance to give something back to the acting community.
(glares at him) I know!
Good evening. I’m Mr. Tribbiani. And I will be teaching acting for soap operas. Now um, on my first day as (proudly) Dr. Drake Remoray on Days of Our Lives, (looks for a reaction from his students, and gets none.) I learned that one of the most important things in soap opera acting is reacting, this does not mean acting again, it means, you don’t have a line, but someone else just did. And it goes like this. (looks all intense for a moment and then gasps, the students cheer him) Thanks, thanks, a lot. Oh, by the way, before I forget to work in soap operas some of you will have to become much more attractive. All right, moving right along.
Hi!
Oh it was great. Yeah, you get to say stuff like, ’Hey, the bell doesn’t dismiss you, I dismiss you.’
Oh, and guess what, I got an audition for All My Children.
Yeah, it’s this great part, this boxer named Nick. And I’m so, so right for it, y'know, he’s just like me. Except he’s a boxer, and has an evil twin.
Hey, Monica bought a bed from the Mattress King?
You want me to lie to Chandler?
No.
Hey, you’re ah, pretty good at this.
Ahh!
Hey now!
Hey!!! Oww!! And I’m bleeding.
Okay, great.
Okay.
All right. I can’t see.
Okay, some tricks of the trade. Now, I’ve never been able to cry as an actor, so if I’m in a scene where I have to cry, I cut a hole in my pocket, take a pair of tweezers, and just start pulling. Or ah, or, let’s say I wanna convey that I’ve just done something evil. That would be the basic ‘I have a fishhook in my eyebrow and I like it’ (Does it by raising one eyebrow, and showing off the pretend fishhook.) Okay, let’s say I’ve just gotten bad news, well all I do there is try and divide 232 by 13. (looks all confused) And that’s how it’s done. Great soap opera acting tonight everybody, class dismissed.
Hey-hey.
Awww, one of my students got an audition. I’m so proud.
You bet! What’s the part?
Wow! That was good. That was...(points to his pocket) Tweezers?
Whoa. That was really good.
Well, I-I might’ve said supergay.
Because, Monica, the guy’s so good, and I really, really want this part.
(sadly) There will come a time in each of your careers when you’ll have a chance to screw over another soap opera actor. I had such an opportunity in the recent, present. And I’m ashamed to say that I took it, I advised a fellow actor to play a role, homosexually. Yeah, we both auditioned for the part, and uh, as it turned out, they ah, they liked the stupid gay thing and cast him. And now, he’s got a two year contract opposite Susan Luchhi, the first lady of daytime television, and me, me I’m stuck here teaching a bunch of people, most of whom are too ugly to even be on TV. I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry. (he gets a huge round of applause from his students.) Thank you.
All right, Jester man, look we wanna see the king.
Oh-ho-kay, I’m talking to the king. (starts to go to a back room)
