(entering with Monica) Hey, is, is, is Chandler here?
Well, I was thinking about that and I, I think the best way would be, to not.
It’ll kill him. I mean it’ll, it’ll just kill him.
(looking out the window) Ewww! Ugly Naked Guy is using his new hammock. It’s like a Play-Doo Fat Factory.
What did they do?
Hey-hey, Ross?
I’ve got a science question.
If the Homo Sapiens, were in fact ‘Homo-sapien’, is that why there extinct?
Hey-hey, I’m not judging.
I’d really prefer a mountain bike.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, whoa. Do you ah, want to get her something speacial, get her flowers, get her candy, get her gum, girls love gum.
Oh, you want something serious. Y'know what you should do, you should get her one of those um, barium enemas. Those are dead serious.
(stopping him) No, no, you can’t, you can’t, okay, you can’t, you can’t buy her pearls, you just can’t, you can’t, you can’t.
Oh God. Uh, okay, here’s the thing, this is the thing, okay, the thing is...
Okay. I went down to the ‘Mattress King’ showroom and, and I saw Janice, kissing her ex-husband.
They were in his office.
I’m telling you man, I saw it.
I’m not wrong! I wish I was. I’m sorry. Bet that barium enema doesn’t sound so bad now, huh?
You said number two.
I know. (giggles harder)
Uh.
Ugly Naked Guy looks awfully still. (Phoebe runs to the window and gasps.)
I’m tellin’ ya, he hasn’t moved since this morning.
Well, there is one way. His window’s open, I say, we poke him.
Hey! Y'know how we ah, save all those chopsticks for no reason we get when we get Chinese food?
Well, now we got a reason.
Well, we’re fashioning a very long poking device.
Hey uh, what’s a matter?
Oh my God, is she going back to him?
What are you ah, what are you gonna do?
Well, it doesn’t matter what I would do.
All right, you’re probably not gonna want to hear this but ah, if it was me, and this is just me, (Chandler gets ready to throw another dart) I would ah, I would bow out.
They have a kid together, y'know. They’re like, they’re like a family, and if, I don’t know, there’s chance they could make that work, I know I wouldn’t want to be the guy who stood in the way of that. Are you okay? Do you wanna ah, come poke a nude guy?
All right now remember, something this big and long is going to be difficult to manuver, fortunately I have a lot of experience in that area.
All right, ladies and gentlemen, let’s poke. (they start to advance the giant poking device) Steady. Steady. Okay, a little higher. Careful of the angle. Okay, okay, we’re approaching the window (as he says this the camera cuts to their view of Ugly Naked Guy, so that we actually see him!) Thread the needle. Thread the needle.
Okay, retract the device, retract the device.
Hey, that’s never gonna make it all the way over here, buddy!
