Hey, who wants to ah, throw the ball around a little, maybe get a little three on three going?
Great, you can cover Chandler.
Come on man! You never want to do anything since you and Janice broke up.
Chandler, you have to start getting over her. All right, if you play, you get some fresh air, maybe it’ll take your mind off Janice, and if you don’t play, everyone will be mad at you ‘cause the teams won’t be even. Come on.
Says who? Your mom?
All right, we have to pick captains.
What?
Thank you.
(to his team) All right, huddle up, right over here.
I got it. (catches the ball)
One-Mississippi. Two-Mississippi. Three-Mississippi.
Set....hike!
Haaaaa! Hey-hey, thanks for stopping our ball.
Yeah! Wow, your like from a whole other country.
Hi-hi, I’m Joey.
I’m sorry Dutch, I didn’t get that last little bit.
Her name is Dutch, and also Marklan.
Mar-klan.
Yeah! Why don’t you stick around. You can sit right there.
I think so.
Thanks man, but I think it makes a stronger statement if I ask for it myself, y'know.
Oh, yeah, that. All right, means that much to ya, I’ll let you have her.
Well I don’t like to say it out loud, but, yeah! Don’t feel bad man, we all have our strengths. You’re better with numbers and stuff.
Fumble!
What the hell’s the matter with you?! This is my favourite jersey.
All right, that’s it. Y'know I was still gonna let you have her. But now, forget about it. Prepare to feel very bad about yourself.
Pheebs, run!
After!!
It’s hard, y'know, his huddle is closer to Dutch girl.
What are you gonna do?
Okay.
Here you go!
Yeah, Chandler finds me so intimdating that it’s better if we’re on the same team.
Ah well, the ah, Pennsylvania Dutch, come from Pennsylvania.
Nice try. (to Margha) See the Netherlands is this make believe place where Peter Pan and Tinker Bell come from.
Whoa, whoa, no, no, I-I’m not playing with this guy, now.
What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing?
Wait a minute! Wait a minute! She obviously didn’t understand the question.
Nice going. You just saved yourself a couple months of sex.
This sucks, I was just up by that much!
(looking at the timer) Thirty seconds left on the timer!
When they’re hungry enough, they’ll come in.
