Okay, pick a card, any card. (Monica picks one) All right, now memorize it. Show to everybody. Got it?
All right, give it back to me. (takes the card back, but he looks at the card before he puts it back in the deck, he holds the deck to his forehead, and thinks a little while) 5 of hearts.
I can’t tell you that, no.
All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, you really wanna know how I did it, I’ll show ya. When you handed me back the card, what you didn’t see was, I looked at it so fast that it was invisible to the naked eye. (picks up a card and quickly looks at it) I just did it. (does it again) I just did it, again. Here, I’ll slow it down so that you guys can see it. (looks and the card in slow motion)
Man, I remember the first time I saw that girl Katherine, after we broke up. She was just walking with her friend Donna, just laughing and talking. God, it killed me.
Sorry, I just, any excuse to tell that story y'know....
I don’t know, Chandler is supposed to be passin’ ‘em around...
Chandler!
Oh my God! How many of these things did you have? These are pure vodka.
No, only for sex.
(entering) Joey!!! Happy Birthday!! (all 7 of them look almost identical)
Hey!! Hey-hey-hey!
Oh!!
(angrily entering, to Chandler) Can I talk to you for a second?!
Come on!! (motions for Chandler to come with him)
I just got off the phone with my sister.
Mary-Angela.
Yeah.
Why don’t you ask Chandler, ‘cause he’s the one that fooled around with her. She told me you said you could really fall for her. Now is that true? Or are you just gettin’ over Janice by groping my sister.
Really? That’s great! You and my sister, sittin’ in a tree.
Waiting for my Grandma to finish my laundry. What about you?
You are so the man! (motions him to come in, and he does) Now look, listen, listen, you got to be cool, ‘cause my Grandma doesn’t know about you two yet, and you do not want to tick her off. She was like the sixth person to spit on Mussolini's hanging body. Yeah.
She’s right in there. (motions to the living room)
Hey, Chandler!
No! I did!
Of course! It’s her favorite.
More of Grandma’s teramisu.
That dies with me.
Excuse yourself, and go to the bathroom.
(whispering in his ear) Just do it.
Finally, I thought we’d never be alone. Can I just tell you something, I have not stopped thinking about you since the party. (kisses him)
So! Me neither! God, Mary-Angela was right you do have the softest lips.
No, I’m Mary-Theresa.
What’s goin’ on?
What?! How could you do that, how could you think she was Mary-Angela?
I say, punch him Joey.
Well, that is usually what I would do. But I just never thought you’d be on the receiving end of it. How could you do this?!
No! No! No! No, I’m not going to punch Chandler.
No you won’t. Look he knows he did a terrible thing and I believe him, he’s sorry. But, (to Chandler) you’ve got one more apology to make, all right, you’ve got to apologize to Mary-Angela.
All right.
Cookie, now you can punch him!
All right, that’s it! He cannot do this to Phoebe. (gets up) This guy is going to get the butt kicking of a lifetime! (stops and turns around and asks Rachel) But, is he a big guy?
