(to Phoebe) Look at you. Since when do you roller blade?
Cool.
Well, you might wanna make a little extra, y'know you’ll probably be hungry after the sex.
Hey.
Check the freezer. If there’s none in there, then we’re probably out. Are you just getting in from work? It’s late.
I discovered I’m able to count all of my teeth using just my tongue.
Oh, I was reading it last night, and I got scared, so.
Well, safer. Y'know, I mean I never start reading The Shining, without making sure we’ve got plenty of room in the freezer, y'know.
Haven’t you ever read the same book over and over again?
The question should be Rach, what is not so great about The Shining. Okay? And the answer would be: nothing. All right? This is like the scariest book ever. I bet it’s way better than that classic of yours.
All right, you got it.
Okay.
Ah, now Rach, these ah, these little women.
How little are they? I mean, are they like scary little?
These little women. Wow!
Oh yeah! Amy just burned Jo’s manuscript. I don’t see how he could ever forgive her.
But Jo’s got a crush on Laurie. (Ross nods his head) Oh. You mean it’s like a girl-girl thing? ‘Cause that is the one thing missing from The Shining.
No wonder Rachel had to read this so many times.
(noticing Chandler) What are you doing? (he pushes Chandler back to his side of the couch) Get back over on your side of the... (sees Robert in all his glory) Hello!! (to Robert) Hi, I’m Joey, we haven’t met.
Hey Robert, could you ah, ha, pass me those cookies?
Hey! (starts to laugh.) How’s it going?
Hey, Rach, how you doing with The Shining?
Oooh, the next part’s the best, when that dead lady in the bathtub...
All right I’ll talk in code. (to Ross and Chandler) Remember when the kid sees those two blanks in the hallway?
Oh, all blank, and no blank, make’s blank a blank blank. Oh no-no-no, no, the end when Jack almost kills them all with that blank, but then at last second they get away. Aww!
Hey! Mine was by accident! All right, the boiler explodes and destroys the hotel, and kills the dad.
Beth, Beth dies?
Is that true? If I keep reading is Beth gonna die?
Then why would you say that?!
Beth is really, really sick.
Jo’s there, but I don’t think there’s anything she could do.
Yeah.
(nodding his head) Okay.
