Can I see the comics?
Okay, may I see the comics?
Yeah, you shoulda been there last night.
Well Ross was hangin’ out over at our place, Rachel comes over to borrow some moisturiser from Chandler....
Anyway! Her and Ross just started yelling at each other.
Well, I guess he says that because they were on a break when it happened, that she should of forgiven him by now.
I had the same dream!
Oh, I had the opposite dream.
Yeah, I mean it’s never taken me a week to get over a relationship.
Rach, it’s, it’s ah, it’s not that we don’t want to, really. (quietly) Are we talking models in their underwear?
(He turns around to Chandler looking for approval to go with Rachel, Chandler mouths ‘Come on!’) (turning back to Rachel) Ross, did ask us first, and we set that night aside.
Oh yeah.
You’re smoking again?!
(obviously cold) Hey, can you close that window Chandler? My nipples can cut glass over here!
It’ll be great for next weekend.
It’ll be great for next weekend. I mean, (in an Irish accent) it’ll be grrreat.
Uh, Pheebs we kinda need you to drive us all up there in your grandmother’s cab, but y'know what, I’ll stay.
(to Chandler and Monica) Hey, does anybody else feel bad about Ross?
What? Mine aren’t tinted.
Oh, now I have to go!!
What’s going on?
Relax okay, I-I-I can get this open. Anybody have a coat hanger?
Look, I just need a wire something to jimmy it. Oh hey, one of you guys give me the underwire from your bra!
Come on! Who has the biggest boobs?
Whoever has the biggest boobs, has the biggest bra, therefore has the biggest wire.
If you wanna get back in the car, we need the wire, your call.
Thank you Phoebe, that is very, very generous.
(opening the door) And there you go!
Oh yeah, Smokey Joe here got half way to the highway and collapsed.
Okay, done.
That’s ‘help’ spelled backwards so that the helicopters can read it from the air!
Hey!!
Arrrghh!!
Guys, do you think we should ask Ross to come along?
No, I wasn’t gonna ask you that, no.
I-I can’t handle this, you guys.
(pause) What?
(pause) What?
Yeah, and not put us in the middle.
Oh what, wait, wait a second, I mean, what are we doing? Who’s going with who?
Come on man, you drove all the way up here.
