Yeah! Oh my God! (to Chandler) Is this what it’s like to be you?
Oh, you have no idea. And-and when we’re on stage I get to-to kiss her and-and touch her, but then she goes home with the director, and it’s like somebody’s ripping out my heart!
Uh, Pheebs, you had a barrel for a dollhouse?
Hey, Kate!
Listen, I ah, went to that restaurant that you were talking about last week...
(to himself) And I ate the food, I had the fish, it was good, yeah. It was good, yeah...
Oh, hey! Joey Tribbiani.
(looks at her, shocked) What?!
Get out of here, really?!
Yeah?
They gave me the shaft all right.
Well Ahh, (he sees Kate and the director kissing) yeah! Yeah, sure, a drink sounds great.
All right.
Come on baby, don’t go. Please? What do you say?
(to Kate) That guy’s like a cartoon. What do you see in him anyway?
Hey, I’m not interested in her sweater! It’s what’s underneath her sweater that counts. And besides, since ah, since when do you care who I’m going out with?
Do you want me to want you to care?
What?
Come on baby, don’t go. Please? What do you say?
Hey, it’s gonna be all right.
What?
Oh, yeah, with the mug painting. Yeah. I was so listening to that. But ah, y'know what, I think I kinda need to work on my stuff tonight.
Okay. (he gives her a peck on the cheek)
Okay.
(to Kate) Ah, are you okay?
I don’t know.
How do you mean?
Maybe he could slip her the tongue.
Yeah, yeah, and then Adrian, she maybe she could wrap her legs around his waist.
And then, then he could use his teeth, his teeth to undo her dress, and, and, and bite her!
Something like that?
Yeah.
(to Ross) Hey.
(to Monica) Hey.
Hey.
No-no, things ah, finally happened with Kate.
Oh, it was so amazing. After the (pause) love making...
Yep. I just, I just watched her sleep for like hours, just breathing in and breathing out. And then I knew she was dreaming ‘cause, ‘cause her eyes keep going like this. (He closes his eyes and moves them around, kinda like he’s been processed by the devil, or something.)
Hey.
So I ah, talked to Lauren, kinda told her how things were with us. Did you ah, did you talk to Marshall?
Y'know, about what happened with us.
What are you talking about? It was a big deal. I mean, come on you can’t tell me last night didn’t mean something to you. I-I was there, you’re not that good an actress.
Nooo.
Hi, Lauren.
(on phone) Well, so anyway Beth, what I’m saying is I should’ve considered your feelings before I went home with you that night. I’ve ah, I’ve recently learned what’s it like to be on your side of it, and I’m sorry. So, do you think you can forgive me? (listens) Great. Thanks. Okay, bye. (He sits down and crosses out something, and dials the phone again.) Hello, Jennifer? (listens) Oh hi, Mrs. Loreo, is Jennifer there? (listens) Oh, she’s not home huh? (listens) Well ah, actually I kinda need to talk to you too.
