(entering) Hey.
Uh, listen I gotta double check for tickets tonight. Who-who got what?
Two it is. Ross, how about you?
But you said one.
Okay. (to Phoebe and Chandler) Did ah, you guys mean you plus one?
Okay.
Oh, hey, you guys are finally gonna get to meet Kate!
(to Chandler) And I ah, borrowed some of your cologne. I hope she likes it.
The green bottle next to the shaving cream.
So, so, what’d ya think?
I-I wasn’t in that.
(sees Kate) Oh-oh, hey-hey, Kate! Listen I want you to meet everybody. Everybody, this is Kate.
Yeah.
Oh, hey, Lauren. Uh, you guys this is, this is Kate’s understudy, Lauren.
Hey you guys, this is my agent, Estelle.
No, they-they weren’t in the play.
Yes!!! Ha-ha-ha!
Anyone mind if I save this?
Hey! Are you okay?
Listen, drama critics they’re nothing but, but people who couldn’t make it as actors. You know what you should do?
Oh, classy.
Wow! Yeah I ah, I gave up a job too.
Uh, de-clawing cats. Hey, tell ya what. Let me walk you home. We’ll stop by every news stand and burn every copy of their Times and the Post.
Oh, you didn’t see the Post?
No. Why?
Oh, absolutely! You’re talented and you’re good looking.
I know! That’s why they trashed me!
Whoa. Wait a minute, wait a minute.
I, I don’t get you. I mean first, you hate me. Then you sleep with me. Then you want nothing to do with me, now you want me again.
Kate, do you even like me?
Well so, how come you blew me off? Y'know? How come you were with him?
Thanks.
(Checks to see if she’s drooling on his shirt.) Okay. Okay, okay, hey. (Lays her down and covers her with a blanket.) There we go, let’s get your feet up there. (Looks at her) Good night, Kate. Sweet dreams. (Picks up a garbage can) I’m gonna put this can right here in case you have to hurl.
(entering, happily) Hey!
Yeah! I stayed at Kate’s, but ah, nothing happened. Hey, Pheebs, where were ya?
Oh, it was great! Yeah, I-I walked her home, and it was amazing how much we connected, y'know? Then ah, then she passed out, but then she woke up. Yeah? And we stayed up all night talking, and now we’re like totally crazy about each other!
What?
You-you think?
Two brothers, one died!
Yeah?!
Sorry! Sorry, I’m late; sorry, I’m late! My duck and my chick and a fight, it-it was ugly.
(surprised it’s Lauren) (hugs her) (whispering) Where’s Kate?
(stunned) What?!
Oh, ahh, go to the window. I’m wanna run down to the truck and show you something.
(grabs the window from the outside and sticks his head in) (whispering) When is she leaving?
(making like he is yelling up to the second floor) I’m coming up!
Hey!
Wh-wh-what’s going on? Wh-what’s this about L.A.?
But, but wh-what about us?
Well, so, stay for the museums!
Well can you at least stay to the end of the play? I mean, I’ll go to the airport with ya, I-I wanna say good bye.
(to Lauren) In a minute!!
Yeah, I guess it is. (sees Kate is watching, he turns Lauren so that he can talk directly to Kate, but still look like he is talking to Lauren) Listen, I ah, I gotta say good bye, and-and I gotta say it quick ‘cause this is killing me. One thing you gotta know, is that I will never forget you. But, you’ve got things you have to do now, and so do I. And so… I’m gonna get on this spaceship, (smoke starts pouring in from the ceiling, and a ladder comes down, with flashing, colored lights on the side of it) and I’m gonna go to Blargon 7 in search of alternative fuels. But when I return, 200 years from now, you’ll be long gone. But I won’t have aged at all. (gets on the ladder) So you tell your great-great-granddaughter to look me up, because Adrienne, baby, I’m gonna want to meet her.
