Huh. (They all leave, dejected)
Morning.
Yeah, like there's any way I could ever do that.
Hey, you know what, here's a thought. Why don't you stay home from work today and just hang out with me.
I can not believe that I am going out with someone that is getting divorced. I'm such a grown up.
Well, maybe I won't kiss you, and then you'll have to stay.
Nope, not this time.
I'm not yanking you.
Yeah, I know. She makes me happy.
(looks him in the eye) I'm not breaking up with her! (they stare at each other for a while, then Joey blows in his face)
Hey!
Of!
You know, you should really go on this show. All right, listen, I got three tickets to the Rangers tonight. What'd ya' say?
No, Janice.
You know, I may be way out on a limb here, but do you, do you, have a problem with Janice?
Ooh, that girl that I hate, eww, drives me crazy, eww, eww, oh!
Well, there you go.
Well, I'm crazy about her now. I think this could be the real thing. Capital 'R'! Capital 'T'! (Joey stares at him) Don't worry, those are the right letters.
I want you to say that you like her!
Thanks for trying. (grabs the ticket and starts to leave) Oh, and by the way there is no Count Rushmore!
Umm, yeah.
Girth? Why, why, why, wh-why, why, why, why would they do this?
We're not gonna talk about girth are we?
Yeah, okay.
Yeah! All right! You go first.
Okay.
Princess Leia in the gold bikini.
I know!
Okay.
Okay, you know, you know when your in bed, with a woman.
And, ah, you know, your fooling around with her. And you get all these like, mental images in your brain, you know, like Elle MacPherson, or that girl at the Xerox place....
I know, And then all of the sudden your Mom pops into your head. And your like 'Mom, get outta here!' You know, but of course, like, after that you can't possibly think of anything else, and you can't, you know, stop what your doing. So it's kinda like, you're, you know. You know...(Ross just stares at him). You don't know!
You said...
What are you guys doing together?
Really.
You still can't stand her can you?
Well, you know, I appreciate you giving it a shot.
Well, I guess that's something.
Okay.
Oh God!
Really?
