Taste it.
Yeah, I know, I did that two minutes ago.
Hey, mister tux!
Okay. (they don't move)
(entering from bathroom, with an issue of Cosmo) All right, I took the quiz, and it turns out, I do put career before men. (to Joey) Get up.
You're in my seat.
'Cause I was sitting there.
Well, it's not like I went to Spain. I went to the bathroom, you knew I was coming back.
The big deal is I was sitting there last, so, that's my seat.
All right, Ross, I just have to do one thing, really quickly, it's not a big deal. (yells at Joey) GET UP!!
Well, Joey, I wrote a little song today. It's called: Get Up.
Really!
Honey, you did call him back. 'Cause, it's, it's really old.
You know what, okay, fine. Don't get up, you just sit right there. I just hope, you don't mind, you know, my hand right here. (holds his hand a couple of inches in front of Joey's face) Op, not touching, can't get mad! Not touching can't get mad! Not touching can't get mad! (Joey flings some dip onto Phoebe's dress)
Sorry Phoebe.
Maybe he's calling to say your obsessive and crazy.
All right, fine, you know what, we'll both sit in the chair. (sits on Joey's lap) I'm soooo, comfortable.
All right! (jumps up)
All right! Fine! I'm going. But when I get back it's chair sitting, and I'm the guy who's....sitting in a chair! (leaves)
Maybe it was his sister's. You know, maybe it was his daughter's.
All right, you will notice that I am fully dressed. I, in turn, have noticed that you are not. So in the words of A. A. Milne, "Get out of my chair, dillhole!"
What are you doing?
The cushions are the essence of the chair!
Oh-ho, it'll be back. Oh-ho, there's nobody in the room.
We used them as pillows when we went camping.
(shyly) The sheep.
He took my essence!
Well, then it looks like somebody is gonna have to give back somebody his cushions.
What are you, what are you gonna show me my clothes?
He's got nothing!
Oh, aaaah!
What are you supporting?
Monica, I think you've gone over to the bad place.
(to Phoebe) You know what's weird. Donald Duck never wore pants. But whenever he's getting out of the shower, he always put a towel around his waist. I mean, what is that about?
They got a phone in there, right?
Is it wrong that I was totally aroused by that?
Oh my God! That is so not the opposite of taking somebody's underwear!!
Oooo-ooh!
Jeez, what a baby.
Stop it. Stop it!
Excuse me. Hi.
Well, your kind of sitting in my seat.
I mean, I was sitting there.
But, I never left the room!
All right, that's it, give me your underwear.
