You're flingin'-flangin' right I am!
Well, it's official there are no good movies.
Hey, man. What's up?
Well, I'll tell ya I do enjoy guilt, but, ah, it wasn't me.
Is anybody else scared?
Get the woman a pad! Get the woman a pad! A pad! A pad!
(entering with his ringing phone) Joe. Joe! Answer the phone.
Just do it! Okay, it's Janice and if I get it I'm going to have to see her tonight. (phone stops ringing) Oh, that's great I'm gonna have to see her tonight.
Okay, last night at dinner, when the meals came, she put half her chicken piccata on my plate and took my tomatoes.
Noo.
No, it's like all of the sudden, we were this couple. And this alarm started going off in my head: 'Run for your life! Get out of the building!'
I know, that, (looks at her fake chest, and loses his train of thought, temporarily) that's why I don't want to go tonight, I'm afraid I'm going to say something stupid.
Look what do I do? I wanna get past this, I don't wanna be afraid of the commitment thing. I wanna go through the tunnel, to the other side!
Do we have any...(turns around and bumps Monica's fake chest) Do we have any thoughts here?
You think?
Yeah, Joe, I assure you if I'm staring down the barrel of a gun, I'm pretty much peeing every which way.
'Cause, I wanted to uh, give you this. (hands her a present)
Well, wait there's, there's more. See the contact paper is to go into your brand new drawer. (gives her a drawer) See, the drawer actually goes in my dresser.
Yes, I did. Yes, I did. Because, you're my girlfriend, and that's what girlfriends should, should get.
Well, not me. But that's what's happened, and, ah, and, and there's more. We should take a trip.
Yep, we're a couple and that's what couples do. And, I wanna meet your parents. We should take a trip with your parents!
I am, I actually am. I mean this is amazing. My entire life I have feared this place, and now that I'm here it's like what was the big deal. I could probably say 'Let's move in together.' and I'd be okay.
It doesn't scare me!
Oh, no, no, no, don't go! I've scared ya'! I've said too much! I'm hopeless, and awkward, and desperate for love!! (Janice leaves, Chandler then calls Janice to leave a message on her machine) Hey, Janice! It's me. Um, yeah, I-I-I just wanna apologize in advance for having chased you down the street. (runs out the door)
So, I finally catch up to her and she says this relationship is going to fast and we have to slow down.
Then I got all needy and clingy.
She said she'd call me.
Oh God.
This ice cream tastes like crap by the way.
So, you don't think I'm terminal?
Okay, okay. So, should I call her?
So I'm not, not gonna lose her?
I said, 'So I'm not gonna lose her?'
(in a British accent) Hello, Janice.
(in accent) Oh, just a bit of shopping. How've you been?
(normal voice) No. Not anymore.
Yeah, huh. I'm just uh, you know I'm just picking up some things for a party. (grabs a bag off of the shelf)
Well, I'm sorry if my friends aren't as sophisticated as yours.
Here in Chelsea.
A woman's
(shyly) Chelsea.
Can I be that guy?
....And then I just, you know, threw the bag of barley at her, and ran out of the store.
I've actually ruined this haven't I? It's time for the good ice cream now, right?
(answering phone) Hello. Hi, Janice! Can you hold on for a second? Okay. (to Monica and Rachel) Okay, what do I do?
Hello!
What are you, stop naming dwarves! (on phone) Hello, Janice. Hi, I'm so glad that you called, I know I've been acting a really weird lately. And, it's just because I'm crazy about you, and I just got...stupid, and, and scared, and....stupid a couple of more times. I'm sorry. (listens) Really?! (listens) Really?!
(on phone) I love you too.
