(entering) Hey!
Hey-hey-hey. So what happened? A forest tick you off?
Yeah!
You’re building a post office?
Okay. (notices that Joey is wearing some really tight jeans) My word! Those are snug.
Does anyone else think David Copperfield is cute?
All right, Janice, likes him. In fact she likes him so much she put him on her freebie list.
Well, we have a deal, where we each get to pick five celebrities that we can sleep with, and the other one can’t get mad.
Ah, Kim Basinger, Cindy Crawford, Halle Berry, Yasmine Bleeth, and ah, Jessica Rabbit.
I know, I know, I just always wondered if I could get her eyes to pop out of her head.
Peter Parker.
(coughing) What a geek!
Hi.
We don’t, really.
You know, we don’t really take advantage of living in the city.
No, you didn’t get me!! It’s an electric drill, you get me, you kill me!!
I do NOT want this unit!!
Fine! (goes into his room and slams the door, then he slams the bottom half of the door.)
All right, so who do you got it narrowed down to?
Oooh-hoo, very attractive, forgiving.
Eh, y'know what, she’s to political, she probably wouldn’t let you do it, unless you donated four cans of food first.
Ooh-hoo. Very hot, very sexy. But ah, y'know she’s too international, y'know she’s never gonna be around.
So, you gotta play the odds, pick somebody who’s gonna be in the country like all the time.
(entering) Have you seen Joey?
Oh, just this! (turns around and has a paint lid stuck to the back of his pants.) Y’know what it’s my fault really, because the couch is usually where we keep the varnish.
What’s going on?
Yo!! Spackel boy! Get up!
He started mine first!
What, like a number?
Hi! Bye! (runs to the bathroom)
Okay, on three. One....Two....
Why two?
Yeah, I coulda counted to three like four times without all this ‘two’ talk.
Okay, one...two...
Oh, good job Joe.
Yeah-yeah, so big that it actually makes our doors look smaller!
Yeah, y'know what I got a better idea. How-how ‘bout it blocks none of mine door and a lot of yours? (throws his shoulder into the center to try and move it, but it doesn’t move.)
Umm?
I’ve got five bucks says you can’t.
Oh, I think I have the cash.
Yeah, you got me. (picks up a 2x4 and puts it through the handles so that the doors won’t open) I’m out five big ones! (puts the money in the crack between the door and frame) Here you go.
