(entering, with a goatee) Hey.
I’m never gonna find a roommate, ever.
Well let’s see, there was the guy with the ferrets, that’s plural. The spitter. Oh-ho, and yes, the guy that enjoyed my name so much he felt the need to make a little noise every time he said it. Nice to meet you, Chandler Bing Bing! Great apartment Chandler Bing, Bing!
Two. This photographer, who seemed really dull. And this actor guy, who I’m not sure about, because when he called and I answered the phone ‘Chandler Bing,’ he said ‘Whoa-whoa, short message.’
Umm, how’s it going with you guys?
Soo, ah, Eric, what kind of photography do ya do?
Yes, that is cool. Because I have models here y'know......never.
Well, listen I ah, still have one more person to ah meet, but unless it turns out to be your sister, I think you’re chances are pretty good. (Eric offers to shake hands) All right. (Chandler hugs him.)
(running around the apartment pointing out things) Bedroom. Bathroom. Living room. This right here is the kitchen, and thanks for coming by, (opens door) Bye-bye.
Sure. Ummm. What’s up?
What gay thing?
Well okay Jerry, thanks for stopping by.
Hey, Mon.
Do I ever.
No way!
Just coffee! Where are we gonna hang out now?
(to bartender) Can I get a beer.
You betcha!
Um-mm, yeah right!
Oh yes, and that’s what I want a roommate that I can walk around with and be referred to as the funny one.
Okay, but after that, we’re shootin’ some pool.
Excuse, I seem to have dropped my ball.
(picks it up) And now I’ve picked it up again. (walks over to Monica.)
(leaving to go to work) Hey!
Oh, don’t thank me, thank the jerk that never showed up. Okay, I gotta get to get to work.
So ah, whatcha watching?
What’s it about?
Well, it sounds kinda stupid... (looks at the TV) Who’s she?
Wow! Look at them run.
Yeah, I’ll go get one.
Well, hello!
Do you have any beers? We’re out of beers.
You okay?
Right.
Noo!! You don’t have a boyfriend because....I don’t, I don’t know why you don’t have a boyfriend. You should have a boyfriend.
Oh-ho, come here. (goes and hugs her) Listen, you are one of my favourite people and the most beautiful woman I’ve ever known in real life.
Umm, this is nice.
No, I mean it, this feels really good. Is it a hundred percent cotton?
Anyway, I should go, one of the lifeguards was just about to dismantle a nuclear device.
Oh yeah, that sounds great. (starts to leave) Oh, and listen, it’s, it’s gonna be....
Ross-Joey, Joey-Ross. (they shake hands)
I can’t believe you came back.
