I will have one. (Ross and him both take one.)
Okay, I’m not gonna have one.
All right I’ll have one. (he and Ross take another brownie,)
See that is the problem with invisible dentists.
That is so weird, because every time I go to the dentist, I look down the hygienist’s blouse.
Hey! Hold on a minute, hold on a second. Do you think these pearls are nice?
Janice’s birthday is coming up, I want to get her something speacial. Come in here with me.
That’s a good idea, ‘Dear Janice have a Hubba-Bubba birthday’. I would like to get her something serious.
All right. Look, I’m gonna go in here, and you don’t buy me anything ever. (starts to go into the store)
Why not?!
What is the thing?
(shocked) What?
Well she, she wouldn’t do that, she’s with, she’s with me.
Yeah, well, you’re wrong! Okay, you’re wrong.
Ah, I don’t know, you tell me. Anything you ah, wanna tell me, because, if you ah, you should, if you, you would, tell me.
You tell me! Maybe, it’s because I was just fooling with my ex! Oh no-no-no-no, no-no-no-no, that was you!!
All right!
Joey told me, he saw you two kissing.
No! In his office! How many kisses were there?
Wh-wh-why, wh-why, why, why was there kissing!? There should be no kissing!!
(giving her a bag) Here.
I’ll take it! All right look, I gotta know. Are you finished with me? (Janice shakes her head no) Are you finished with him? (Janice shakes her head no) Do you still love him? (Janice shakes her head yes) Do you still love me? (Janice shakes her head yes) All right look, (grabs the bag) I’m gonna need an actual answer here okay, so which is it, him or me? (his phone starts to ring)
Yeah.
What?
All right.
I talked to Janice.
She doesn’t know. Says she loves us both. Y'know I woke up this morning and I was in love, well I was happy. Y'know it serves me right for buying that twelve pack of condoms. And now I can’t even return them, because she choked on the reciept!
I don’t know, y'know. What, what, would you do?
Come on, tell me.
What? (turns around quickly still ready to throw the dart and Joey quickly ducks and hides behind the chair) What are you, what are you talking about?
Janice, I have something I need to tell you, and I want you to let me get through it, because it’s, it’s, it’s not gonna be easy.
I think you should go back with Gary. I don’t wanna be the guy that breaks up a family, y'know when my parents split up, it was because of that guy. Whenever I would see him I was always think y'know ‘You’re the reason, you are the reason why their not together.’ and I hated that guy. And it didn’t matter how nice he was, or how happy he made my Dad.
Yeah, well. It’s the right thing to do.
Then don’t leave me!
Forget what I said, I was babbling! Pick me!
No you don’t! No, no, no, I say you have to give your divorce another chance.
Ohhh. Don’t go.
No. No! No! No!
I don’t care! (turns around and to the people watching them) I don’t care!!
You can’t leave! I have your shoe!
(singing) I’ll hold you close in my arms. (Phoebe enters) I can’t resist your charms. And love....
I’ll be a fool for you. I’m sure, you know I don’t mind.
(high pitched) No you know I don’t mind.
Yes! You mean the world the world to me. Oh...
I know.
I’ve found.
...in you, my endless (Phoebe goes high pitched, Chandler goes low pitched) love. (they both look at each other.) My endless love. (once again they don’t match tones, and they just look at each other)
