(entering) Hey, anybody got a length of rope about six feet long with a little nouse at the end?
I just saw Janice.
Yeah, she was at Rockefeller Center skating with her husband, she looked so happy. I almost feel bad for whipping that kid’s pretzel at them.
Yes, but you ended up having sex with both of them that afternoon.
Oh, y'know what, I’m gonna be okay, you don’t have to throw a party for me.
Oh, well then, if anybody should have a party it should be him.
Okay, well he totally screwed up the punch line. Y'know, it’s supposed to be arrghh-eh og-errigh.
Hello-dillillio!!
(to Monica) Take off your shirt!
Yeah, Jell-o just like Mom used to make.
(to Monica) Okay, how many of that girl are you seeing?
Hi Joey’s sisters!
Oh, I’m taking my ex-girlfriend of my speed dialer.
No-no-no-no, no, it’s a good thing. Why must we dial so speedily anyway? Why must we rush through life? Why can’t we savor the precious moments? (to one of Joey’s sisters) Those are some huge breasts you have.
Well, my apartment isn’t there anymore, because I drank it.
Yeah, I ended up in the storage room, and not alone.
Ow, no ‘woo-hooing,’ no ‘woo-hooing.’
Ah, I fooled around with Joey’s sister. (Phoebe gasps) Well, that’s not the worst part.
I can’t remember which sister.
Okay! You don’t think I thought of that?
(to Monica) You see you can’t tell which one is which either, dwha!!
Veronica. Look, it’s got to be Veronica, the girl in the red skirt. I definitely stuck my tongue down her throat.
Look, when I’ve been drinking, sometimes I tend to get overly friendly, and I’m sorry.
Why can’t we talk in here? With, with, witnesses.
It’s gotta be the first one.
Yep, I’m in a tree.
Well, that’s the part where you tell him that I moved to France. When actually I’ll be in Cuba.
What if Mary-Angela comes to the door and I ask for Mary-Angela?
(shocked) Joey, what-wh-wh-wha-wh-wha-wh-wha-wh-wha-what are you doing here?
I’m here to see Mary-Angela.
Where’s Mary-Angela?
This teramisu is, is excellent. Did you make it Mary-Angela?
Well, it’s, it’s yummy. So Mary-Angela do you like it?
So um, Mary-Angela, what’s your second favorite?
Would you just please....give me the receipt ‘cause this is great. It’s top notch.
So will I.
Oh no-no-no I was just squinting. That doesn’t mean anything.
Will you excuse me I have to um..... (walks to the hall)
(startled) Hey!
Look, I may have jumped the gun here. (she tries to kiss him, but he ducks it and moves away) Um, I just got out of a relationship and I’m not really in a, in a commitment kind of place.
Ahhhh, you’re not Mary-Angela.
This is so bad. If-if you’re not Mary-Angela, then-then who is?
Oh, this is soo bad. (doesn’t see Mary-Angela)
No Joey! No Joey! Don’t Joey! Joey!
(pats him on the shoulder) You’re it! Now run and hide!
I wasn’t sure which one Mary-Angela was. (all of Joey’s sisters gasp) Look, I’m sorry okay, I was really drunk, and you all look really similar.
Y'know what, we should all calm down because your brother’s not going to punch me. (to Joey) Are ya?
Joey if you wanna punch me, go ahead, I deserve it. But I just want you to know that I would never soberly hurt you or your family, you’re my best friend. I would never do anything like this ever again.
Okay, absolutely!
You’ve got it. (he starts to look at his sister’s, but he still doesn’t know which one is Mary-Angela.)
What?! (Cookie punches him)
Don’t worry.
