Oh yeah, but don't worry. I don't think anybody's gonna focus on that as long as your wearing that towel dress.
All right, I suppose I can wait a day. Hey, what are you doing Friday?
I need you to come to this bachelor party for my weird cousin Albert, y'know he's the botanist.
Yeah. Is that a dinosaur tie?
(to Phoebe) It must take you forever to find your keys.
(to Ross) Hey, so can you make it on Friday?
Well apparently Albert has no friends. He's very excited about the bachelor party though. I think actually the only reason he's getting married is so he can see a stripper.
Well, if the magician can open my beer with his but cheeks, then all right.
Don't do anything. Keep it inside. Learn how to hide your feelings! (pause) Don't cry outloud.
I want to say you but, that seems like such an easy answer.
I'll get you the Cliff Notes.
The abridgment.
....three years of modern dance with Twila Tharp! Five years with the American Ballet Theater?!
Oh no, no, no, no.
All right, I have to get that, but no-no. (answering phone) Hello? (listens) (happily) Hi! Yeah listen, I'm, I'm in need of a stripper and I was told that you do that. (listens) Let me ask you this, what, what do you do for the extra hundred? (listens) So would I, would I have to provide the grapes?
Okay, we have our stripper. A miss Crystal Chandelier.
To yourself. (finishing) Hey-hey-hey, y'know what that's pretty good.
Bye-bye.
What, what, what?!
You really think that is what he meant?
Look, don't you see what's happening here. Instead of hitting on her right away, he's becoming her confidant. Now he's gonna be the guy she goes too to complain about you.
Well, why don't you send her a musical bug, op, no you already did that. All right look, you're going to have to go there yourself now, okay, make a few surprise visits.
All right fine, don't do anything, just sit here and talk to us, meanwhile she is talking to him about you. And he's being Mr. Joe Sensitive, and she starts thinking 'Maybe this is the guy for me, because he understands me.'
He paints quite a picture doesn't he?
Oh yeah, yeah! Look what I got, look what I got. (holds up a pen) See, she's fully dressed, right?
And then you click it and, uh-oh, she's naked. And then, and then you click it again and she's dressed. She's a business woman, she's walking down the street, she's window shopping, and (clicks pen) whoa-whoa-whoa, sh-she's naked! (Rachel just stares at him.)
Y'know what, I'm, I'm gonna spend some alone time with the pen.
Oh, okay Ross. Listen, this pen is kinda getting boring, so can you pick me up some porn?
Man, I gotta get a kid. (looks at the pen and starts laughing)
Yeah. Either that, or you just turned him on and sent him off to a stripper.
