I like her.
Well, that’s pretty much all I’m looking for from these people.
(to Ross) All right listen, I have to go to the bathroom, but if the place with the big fish comes up again. I’d like know whether that’s several big fish or just one big fish.
No. This is just part of a dare devil game that I play called ‘wait until the last moment before I burst and die.’
Jeez, man did you fall..(sees it’s a beautiful woman coming out of the men’s room) Hi! So ah, did ya, did-did-did ya fall high?
(to Gunther) Y'know what Gunther, go ah, go ahead, I’m-I’m talking to ah, (tries to get her to say her name). (to her) This is the part where you say your name.
Ginger. I’m talking to Ginger, so....
Nope, nope, I’d just ah, I’d rather talk to you. (pause) Yes, I do. Yes, I do have to go to the bathroom. (knocks on the door)
Well, that’s the best kiss I’ve had with anyone I’ve ever met in a men’s room.
(sees her foot is in a slush puddle) Op, foot in a puddle, foot all in a puddle.
Yeah, we’re gonna have to get you out of those shoes.
No, really you’re gonna freeze.
You’re not, what do you, what do you got a bionic foot?
Hey.
Oh, I hate that. I once had a thing of half and half, stole my car.
Great. It was great. She’s ah, she’s great, great looking, great personality, she’s greatness.
Joey told you about the leg, huh?
Oh God, it freaked me out. Okay, I know it shouldn’t have, but it did. I mean I like her, I don’t want to stop seeing her, but every so often it’s like ‘Hey, y'know what, where’s your leg?’ I mean I’m the smallest person in the world aren’t I? I’m the smallest person in the world.
(to Monica) Actually he’s the smallest person in the world.
It came up.
No. No. Actually I forgot, what is the deal with that again?
No. No. I don’t think so.
That’s-that’s my nubbin.
It’s kinda a ah, a third nipple kinda thing.
Well, y'know two regulars. And ah one that barely qualifies as... (starts to kiss her again, but she gets up.) Ahh, what?
You ah, you have, you have to leave, now? How come?
(entering, happily) Well hello!
The doctor.
Oh yes! Just had me a little nubbin-ectomy. Yep! Two nipples, no waiting.
That was an obvious joke, and I didn’t think of it. Why didn’t I think of it? The source of all my powers. Oh dear God, what have I done!
