This is the New York Times.
We are. He’s meeting us here.
Yeah y-you, how hard is it to say something? Rachel came over to borrow something.
Y'know what this is like? This is like when my parents got divorced. Man, I hope Ross doesn’t try to kidnap me after Cub Scouts.
Y'know what maybe it’s gonna be okay, I mean it’s been a week.
No.
Yes, yes, it’s just that we ah, we kinda all ready, made plans with Ross.
Yeah, he’s really excited about it too, he even recorded show times on his answering machine.
(jumps back and points at the cigarette) Oh my God!
Well, actually, yesterday I was smoking again. Today, I’m, I’m smoking still.
Look, I’m telling you this is just like my parents divorce, which is when I started smoking in the first place.
Yeahhh. I’m tellin’ ya something, that ah, first smoke after nap time....
Oh that’s great, with my luck, that’s gonna be him.
Nope, hymn 253, His Eyes Are On The Sparrow! When my parents got divorced is when I started using humour as a defence mechanism. (answers the door and it’s Rachel again.)
Hey, shut up!! You’re not my real Mom!!
Can somebody else hug him? I have to stay by the window.
Well, then, I might as well offer to stay.
(to Joey) Well he’s probably mad after you called him this morning to borrow his goggles.
What?
Beam me up Jesus.
Okay, well, then, I-I have to go to the bathroom.
Oh, come on, there’s a rest stop right up there! Come on, I really have to goooooooooo.
Here we go. Okay, brace yourselves.
Oh, no-no-no-no-no-no!!
(to Joey) My lighter’s in there! (points to the cab)
Damn! (stands up) The tailpipe’s not hot enough to light this!
Oh I do! Op, no, wait a minute, I took it out of my shirt when I put it on this morning.
Ladies, ladies, let’s just compromise okay? Phoebe, Rachel take off Monica’s bra.
Well, I thought if I littered, that crying Indian might come by and save us.
Okay, now let’s decide who has the nicest ass.
At least let me smoke it to the good part.
I have the lung capacity of a two year old. (starts to light another cigarette.)
Well it’s very unsettling.
Hey!!
Oh no, now it’s not gonna make any sense!
Oh, this is horrible, it’s just horrible.
No, I wasn’t gonna ask you that, no.
It’s horrible.
Y'know what, I can handle it, handle’s my middle name. Actually it’s the ah, middle part of my first name.
Guys, guys, guess who I am?! (starts dancing around in an effort to stop the fighting.)
I was being Shelly Winters from The Poseidon Adventure.
