Mr. Millionaire, new from Snooty Playthings! Third wife sold separately.
Life-sized Imperial Storm Troopers from Sharper Image?
Wow!! Can Joey and I put them on and fight?
Yeah, either that, or Gloria Estefan was right, eventually, the rhythm is going to get you.
Hey!
It’s possible. You are very loveable, I’d miss you if I broke up with you. (Ross glares at him) I was just trying to be supportive.
(in a deep voice) If I broke up with you, I’d miss you.
And you’re our age. You’re our age.
That’s not a state Joe.
You’re our age!
I can blow dry it. I can put gel on it. It doesn’t matter, I still wind up with this little (pats the flat spot on the back of his head) cowlicky thing on the middle part of my head. It’s so annoying. Does it bug you?
Is there any chance you didn’t see that?
Ross! You gotta stop! Okay?! You can’t just stare through the peep hole for three hours! You’re gonna get peep eye!
You didn’t just break up.
You slept with somebody three hours after you thought you broke up. I mean bullets have left guns slower!
Okay.
And the inventor of the door rests happily in his grave.
Stop what?!
No!! You can’t!!
I am your friend, and I am not gonna let you do this!! (Ross is now dragging Chandler and the foosball table to the door) You are surprisingly strong!
Look man!
Listen to me!! (Chandler turns him around and closes and holds the door shut with his feet.)
She’s moving on! Okay, if it’s not this guy, it’s gonna be somebody else! And unless you’re thinking about subletting my peep hole, you are going to have to get used to the fact that the relationship is over! Okay, man? It’s over.
Okay.
I know. (He rubs Ross’s head)
I don’t think this town is big enough for both of us to relax in. (He blows on his hand) Draw!! (He quickly pulls the lever to raise the foot rest, like a gunfighter in a Western.)
(to Joey) I wasn’t doing anything. (Joey starts angrily throwing his stuff down.) Uh-oh, what did she do now?
Ah, Sliced Bread, a wonderful Lady MacBeth.
I think somebody has a crush on somebody.
I’m talking about you. You big, big freak.
Hey, you have nothing but talk about her for the last 48 hours! If you were in a school yard you’d be pulling her pigtails and pushing her down now!
‘Cause it’s-it’s not his last name.
No, it’s not like, like Phil Spiderman. He’s a spider, man. Y'know like ah, like Goldman is a last name, but there’s no Gold Man.
So, ahh, what kind of powers would Gold Man have?
What about things that are already gold?
Okay, let’s play my game now.
