Wait a minute, wait. You’re telling me this actress person is the only woman you ever wanted who didn’t want you back?!
My Grandmother used to say that exact same thing to me.
Hey.
Oh, that’s-that’s okay, no problem. (He starts to look around her office.)
Yes, I realise that.
That’s the stuff! (quickly grabs it)
Thanks, it’s ah, Gaelic, for ‘Thy turkey’s done.’ So ah, I’m gonna go, nice, nice meeting you.
Hello.
(holding a tissue) And is this in case the house sneezes?
Oh, I'm glad you guys are past that little awkward phase.
Oh-ho, liked what she saw, huh? Dug my action, did she? Checkin’ out the Chan-Chan man!
Yeah, she seemed cool, attractive. I’ll do it.
(entering) Hey, my Father’s house does that!
Well, the movie was great, dinner was great, and there’s nothing like a cool, crisp New York evening.
Of course, I didn’t get to enjoy any of that, because Joanna’s such a big, dull dud!
(entering with Rachel) I’m telling ya, Joanna’s got it all wrong. Okay? All I said was, ‘This was fun. Let’s do it again sometime. I’ll give you a call.’
That’s what you say at the end of a date.
To her face? Look it’s the end of the date, I’m standing there, I know all she’s waiting for is for me to say ‘I’ll call her’ and it’s just y'know, comes out. I can’t help it, it’s a compulsion.
Multiple, so many paper cuts.
(sarcastic) Oh, well give me the phone then.
Look, you can’t call somebody after this long just to say, ‘In case you didn’t notice, I don’t like you!’
Nooo!! She’s really dull! And she gets this gross mascara goop thing in the corner of her eye!
All right! Fine! But it’s just a lunch date, no more than an hour! And from now on I get my own dates, I don’t want you setting me up with anybody ever again!
That’s just a lot of big talk, y'know.
It’s not a big deal. It’s, just it’s right here, (points to his eye) and it’s all the time.
(He looks over at Rachel, who nods her head) Yes, this, this was pleasant.
The food there was, was great.
So take care.
Well, this was great. I’ll give you a call. We should do it again sometime. (Rachel is disappointed)
Noo!
Look, I’m sorry. Okay? I’m weak, and pathetic, and sorry.
Ahhhh—I’m not going to call you.
I’m sorry. I’m-I’m-I’m sorry that I said I was going to when I’m not. Look, this has nothing to do with you, y'know? And this isn’t Rachel’s fault. It’s me. I have serious, serious problems when it comes to women. I have issues with commitment, intimacy, (pause) mascara goop. And I’m really sorry, it’s just that this is not, this isn’t going to work out.
Yeah, o-okay.
Well this is great! I’ll give you a call! We should do it again sometime!
