(sporting a goatee) Hey.
Oh, so that’s why the priest threw holy water on me. (there’s no reaction from Joey) Okay, listen, you have to cheer up! Okay? You should come out with Ross and me, I mean anything is better than sitting around here crying all day about Kate.
Hey.
No way!
Oh my God! Who’s gonna watch that?!
Yeah. (they start to leave)
Thanks. (He takes off the vest and throws it on the floor.)
So um, after you put the suggestion in the box, how long did it take for the roller skating thing to happen.
Okay, so I guess that’s about ah, two weeks before the topless thing kicks in.
Hey!
Okay. (He opens it and it’s a baby chick) It’s a chicken.
Fowl? No. Women? Nooo.
Easy Lenny.
Okay, but this is the last time. (singing) With a chick-chick here, and a chick-chick there. Here a chick, there a chick, everywhere a chick-chick-(Joey enters)-chickeeeen.
Hey.
She?
I don’t know. (He picks the chick up and turns it over, trying to determine the sex of the chick, and blows on it.) I can’t tell, what ever it was went back in too quickly.
Excuse me?
I stayed home from work today while you were at rehearsal so somebody could be here with our chick!
You don’t think I get up when you get up?
Yes, here it comes! I’m stuck here all day, and then you come in and spend two seconds with us and then expect to go off gallivanting with your friends? Well I don’t think so mister!
And you don’t think taking care of our chick is work?
I know what you meant!! (pause) You notice that ever since we got this chick, we’ve been fighting a lot more than we used too?
I’ll take her back tomorrow.
Hey!
(rushing in) Oh, good! Good! Do you guys know how to get a chick out of a VCR?!
I know. See, yes. That’s Yasmine Bleeth, she’s a completely different kind of chick. I love you both. But in very different ways.
Hey!
I did! But the store wouldn’t take her back! So then I took her to the shelter, and you know what I found out?
If they can’t find a home for her, they kill her! And I’m not gonna let that happen to little Yasmine!
Okay. And it’s not just chicks y'know? It’s all kinds of other animals!
Thanks, I’m glad you see it that way.
Ohhh-hoo, funny story!
Okay! Now you stay out here, and you think about what you did!!
That’s a bad duck!!! (to Ross) How’d the thing go tonight, Ross?
(to the duck) Okay, now when you come back I hope you remember that, that chick is not a toy! (He goes back into the apartment)
(coming out of his apartment and seeing Ross) What did you do?
Having a swim.
Chicks don’t swim.
I don’t know. Should we try it?
See, I told you they don’t swim. (He goes to take it out)
Noo! (takes him out) Oh, it’s okay, it’s okay, baby, baby, baby.
