Okay, uh Pheebs, quick. Look! This (His video camera) is for the babies to look at someday, so is-is there anything you want to say? Y'know before it all starts?
I gotta get the before shot!
Oh! (In an announcer type voice) And so the miracle of life begins, and aaiiyyyeeee! (He grabs his side and doubles over in pain.)
Ooh, something hurts!
Are they? I didn't know I cared that much.
Oh my!
Not in my head.
(in a sexy voice) Yep! There's always room for Jell-O…
Oh, it's easy. Yeah, I-I can do it with anything. Watch uh, (snaps his fingers and in a sexy voice) Grandma's chicken salad…
(entering) Ross! Get a shot of this. (He's carrying an issue of the USA Today and hands Ross the camera.) Hey babies! These are the headlines on the day you were born! Okay, now girl baby turn away and boy babies… (Throws the paper away to reveal a copy of Playpen, which is the TV version of Playboy Magazine.) Check it out, huh?! This is what naked women looked like the month you were born. All right, now let's dive right into the good stuff. (Joey opens the magazine and Ross sticks the camera in it.)
Oh, a couple of nurses asked them out. Maybe they're with them.
Yeah, I was bummed too.
I think Saturday—(groans in pain again).
(entering from the elevator caring gifts for the kids) Hey, you guys! Look what I found in the giiiiiiift shop. (He doubles over in pain in front an old man in a wheel chair.) Get up! Get up! Get up! (The old man waves him away.)
Mr. Tribbiani, I'm afraid you've got kidney stones.
Umm, well, what else could it be?
It's kidney stones.
Or?
Kidney stones!
Well, maybe a little. I wish you hadn't seen me throw up.
Kidney stones! Now, ordinarily Mr. Tribbiani, we try to break up the stones up with shock waves, but they're to close to the bladder now. Which means we can either wait for you to pass them or else go up the urethra…
(interrupting) Whoa-whoa! No-no-no-no-no, nothing is going up! Okay? Up, up is not an option—what's a urethra? (Monica whispers what it is in his ear.) Are you crazy?!
Ohh, get these things out of me!
I want the drugs Ross, I want the drugs! (He starts rocking back and forth, taking Ross with him.)
Argh!
Argh!
Are you ready? It's time to try peeing. (Joey makes a face like he is trying to pee.) Wait-wait-wait-wait-wait! It's almost time to try peeing. (Points at the bottle Joey is to pee into.)
Oh my God.
Would you like to see them? (He hands Joey a little jar.)
They're so small! (Both he and Ross look at them with satisfied looks on their faces.)
