What are you doing?
Why are you doing this?
Dude, you just described seven days worth of stuff. You’ve got to spread it out a little, you know. Haven’t you ever been unemployed?
Hey, don’t get religious on me, ok. (Ross looks a little confused.) A guy in your position needs to be a little better at relaxing. You know. Why do you think we have the comfortable chairs? Huh...come here…sit down. (Ross sits down.) Ready? (Joey flips the foot rest up.) Ahh!! (He reclines the chair fully.) Ohh, yeah!! Huh?!
Ohh, no, no. We’re not going to just sit. (Joey sits down and hits the speed dial button on the phone.) Shhh. (It begins to ring.)
(In a high pitched female voice) Hello Mr. Bing...I love you.
But, I love you.
And that’s Wednesday. (He reclines in his chair.) Ohh.
So Pheebs, where are you doing all, your bell ringing?
How could I not get the part? The play was about a 29-year-old Italian actor from Queens.
She’s a woman!
(Very discouraged) Okay, is there anything else?
That part was perfect for me! I can't believe I didn't get it!
Come on Ross be realistic, y'know? If I did write something, what are the chances I could get those guys to star in it?
Wait a second, I could star in it!
I can't write! Y'know I mean I-I-I'm an actor, I don't have the discipline that takes, y'know? I can't do it.
Really? You'd-you'd do that for me?!
Thanks!
Done!
It's not.
(disappointed) Oh.
Hey, how do you spell suspicious?
Because I think this character is going to be suspicious about stuff.
You're driving me crazy with that!
Don’t stop! Move the bowl further away! Ross could make that shot!
Well, you suck! But at least you suck at a man's game now.
Chandler, I can't be playing games, Ross is gonna be home soon. And I have to write five whole pages if I'm gonna stick to his schedule.
(jumping up) All right! But uh, listen, what do you say we crank it up a notch?
All right, all we need is a little lighter fluid.
Yeah, I think we said good-bye to that when we invented hammer darts.
Uh yeah, right here. (He punches his fist through the wall next to the door.)
Yeah, that's the uh, game we were playing.
You're right, you're right, I'll get back to work.
Hey!
(To Chandler) I didn't finish my five pages.
Yesterday's pages did not reflect my best work.
Dude, if you think Fireball's relaxing, you've obviously have never played.
Come on look guys, don't fight.
Hey-hey guys, hey! How about we settle this over a friendly game of Fireball? Huh? I'll go unhook the smoke detectors!
Oh, y'know the same thing happened to me one time.
Don't you remember when we were jogging in the park and we saw that really pretty bird and wanted to take a picture—I didn't have my camera!
Yeah, wow, sorry Rach.
They're brother and sister!!!
(entering) Hey guys! I was at the library all morning and I already finished my five pages for today!
No dude, Ross tore up the tickets!
Yeah, well, that's fine, but the important thing is that I finished it. And uh, I think it's really good, but y'know it'd really help me is if I could hear it. So would you guys read it for me?
Okay. (Reading.) "It's a typical New York City apartment. Two guys are hanging out." Ross (Points to him.)
Oh no! No-no, keep reading! The good part's coming up. Keep going.
A handsome man enters. (Playing the part of the handsome man.) Hey! How's it going guys? I don't know what you two were talking about, but I'd like to say thanks to both of you. You, (Ross) you wouldn't let me give up on myself, and you (Chandler) well you co-created Fireball. The end.
No-no, this only took five minutes. I spent the rest of the day coming up with new, Ultimate Fireball. (Takes out a bowling ball and a propane torch.) Ha-ha!
(Reading the scene set up.) Okay, it's a typical New York City apartment. Two girls are just hanging out.
What?! Wait-wait-wait! The handsome man was about to enter!!
