(entering, with his grandmother) Hey everybody, look who's here! You remember my grandmother!
Chandler, she doesn't understand a word of English.
She's my biggest fan. Yeah, she's the only one in the family that's believed in me.
Yeah, I uh weighted like 27 pounds when I was born so
Wow Pheebs, you speak Italian?
Okay, see that blind guy right there? I'm gonna bash his head in later.
Oh umm, my big scene is coming up. Big scene coming up.
(walking past) True story! (Goes and sits down.)
Okay, here's my big scene. My big scene's here! (They have two of the cops on the street, then they cut to where they're entering an apartment.) Oh my God.
(smiling) Okay, everybody just keep smiling. It'll kill my grandmother if she finds out.
(smiling) Oh, they cut me out of the show.
(smiling) Not likely. 'Cause you see that body bag right there
(smiling) I'm in it.
(smiling) I don't know. This little, old lady lives for my career. When they dumped me off of Days of Our Lives she almost died.
(smiling) No, smile! Not that face, smile! Everybody smile! (They all smile.)
Soon, soon, I'm gonna be on soon. There I am! (Points to the screen, of course it isn't him.)
No-no-no, that-that's me, that's me.
(To Ross in the kitchen) All right, it's another commercial; I still haven't told her!
I know, I know! What am I going to do? (Thinks) Ooh!
(dejected) Yeah, all right. (Thinks of something.) Ooh! (He quickly runs out before anyone can stop him.)
(entering) Hey! Is the show still on?
(says hi to his grandma) Look! Oh! (Pointing out the window.) Is that the Pope?! (Chandler and his grandma turn to look and Joey slips a tape into the VCR.)
Oh, here I am, here's my big scene!
(on the tape) All right back off! I gotta gun! I'm not afraid to use it!
That's right!
(on the tape) Now, I wanna a suitcase filled with 100,000 dollars. (The duck quacks, to the duck) Choo! Choo! Choo! (To the imaginary cops) Filled with $100,000 in small bills, and if I don't get it(the duck quacks louder) Choo!! And if I don't get it, (pause, picks up the duck) I'm gonna shoot this duck!
(on the tape) I'm comin' out! (He opens the door and hops out pointing the gun in all directions and then runs out of view.)
(to his grandmother) That's uh, scenes from next week's show. Next week's!
