Hey you guys. Hey, you all know my dad, right?
Dad, dad. (Shakes his head)
(Snatches the phone) Hey Ma. Listen, I made the appointment with Dr. Bazida, and... Excuse me? (To his dad) Did you know this isn't Ma?
Sure. So how long you been... (Goes back to chopping)
Since then?!
...I d'know.
You're one to talk. (Puts the mushrooms in a saucepan)
Oh man. Please tell me one of 'em is Ma.
It's like if you woke up one day and found out your dad was leading this double life. He's like actually some spy, working for the C.I.A. (Considers) That'd be cool.... This blows!
What's the matter with Rog?
Night, you guys.
Hey. Can, uh, can we help you?
I'm Joey Tribbiani.
Dad, Ronni's here.
Who-ah-ho.
No you won't.
If you go to a hotel you'll be...doing stuff. I want you right here where I can keep an eye on you.
That's right, mister, and I don't care how old you are, as long as you're under my roof you're gonna live by my rules. And that means no sleeping with your girlfriend.
Now dad, you'll be in my room, Ronni uh, you can stay in Chandler's room.
Okay. Now this is just for tonight. Starting tomorrow, you gotta make a change. This has gone on long enough.
Well, either you break it off with Ronni
Then you gotta come clean with Ma! This is not right!
I don't wanna hear it! Now go to my room!
Just trying to get comfortable. I can't sleep in my underwear.
I've been thinking. Y'know, about how I'm always seeing girls on top of girls...
Y'know what I mean, about how I'm always going out with all these women. And I always figured, when the right one comes along, I'd be able to be a stand-up guy and go the distance, y'know? Now I'm looking at my dad, thinking...
No.
You really think so?
Thanks, Chandler. (Snuggles up to him)
(Runs out in a towel) What's the matter with you?!
Ma! What're you doing here?
Oww! Big ring!
Hold on, you-you knew?
So then how could you I mean, how could you?!
Ma, I don't mean to be disrespectful, but... what the hell are you talking about?! I mean, what about you?
I'm...happy...for you?
Ma, I'm sorry. I just did what I thought you'd want.
Yeah. You're ten times prettier than she is.
With this ring? (Her engagement ring.) No contest.
Yeah. He's gonna keep cheating on my ma like she wanted, she's gonna keep pretending she doesn't know even though she does, and my little sister Tina can't see her husband any more because he got a restraining order...which has nothing to do with anything except that I found out today.
Yeah, I guess. It's just parents, after a certain point, you gotta let go. Even if you know better, you've gotta let them make their own mistakes.
Clear the tracks for the boobie payback express. Next stop: Rachel Green. (He goes into the bathroom. We hear a scream and he comes out, closely followed by Monica in a towel)
Sorry. Wrong boobies.
