No way! Mr.Salty is a sailor, all right, he's got to be, like, thetoughest snack there is.
Oh, yeah. Yeah. Let her dangle.
Her answer machine?
Duh, where've you been?
Man, we gotta do something about that guy. This morning, I caught him looking into our apartment. It creeps me out! I feel like I can't do stuff!
Will you grow up? I'm not talking about sexy stuff, but, like, when I'm cooking naked.
Yeah, toast, oatmeal... nothing that spatters.
Maybe she never got your message.
(entering) He's back! The peeper's back!
(ducking) Get down!
(intrigued) Yeah?
..Naughty!
Oh, hold up, I'll walk out with you. Now, Rach, when she taught you to kiss, you were at camp, and.. were you wearing any kinda little uniform, or- (Rachel exits and slams the door in his face.) That's fine, yeah...
(watches them for a while) Oh my.
(entering) Hey, you know our phone's not working?
I tried to call you from the coffee shop, and there was no answer.
Hey, so listen, I went across the street and talked to the doorman- I got the peeper's name! Can I use the phone?
(to Monica) Can I use your phone? (On phone) Yeah, the number for a Sidney Marks, please.
(on phone) Yeah, is Sidney there? (Listens) Oh, this is? (To the gang) Sidney's a woman.
Yeah. Yeah, so what? (On phone) Look, I live across the street, (walking to the window) and I know all about you and your little telescope, and I don't appreciate it, okay? (Listens) Yeah, I can see you right now! (Listens) Hello! (Listens) If I wanna walk around my apartment in my underwear, I shouldn't have to feel like—(Listens)—Thank you, but... that's not really the point... (Listens) The point is that... (Listens) Mostly free weights, but occasionally..
(on phone) Yeah, my neighbor... (Listens) Yeah, the brunette... (to Monica) She says you looked very pretty the other day in the green dress.
Yeah, she said you looked like Ingrid Bergman that day.
Big day.
All right, I'll give you this, Mr. Peanut is a better dresser. I mean he's got the monocle, he's got the top hat...
